9780313309335 Wherever vampires existed in the imaginations of different peoples, they adapted themselves to the customs of the local culture. In The Vampyre (1819), John Polidori introduced Lord Ruthven and established the vampire craze of the 19th century that resulted in a flood of German vampire poetry, French vampire drama, and British vampire fiction. That tradition culminated in Bram Stoker's Dracula (1897), which fixed the character of the Transylvanian nobleman firmly in the public imagination. The contributors to this volume examine representations of the vampire in fiction, film, folklore, and popular culture. While some look at Stoker and the early literary vampire, others study the works of contemporary writers, such as Anne Rice and Chelsea Quinn Yarbro, vampirism as a metaphor for AIDS, and racial issues in such films as Blacula and Vampire in Brooklyn.
"9780020442608 The ""Dawn Treader"" is the first ship Narnia has seen in centuries. King Caspian has built it for his voyage to find the seven lords, good men whom his evil uncle Mizaz banished when he usurped the throne. The journey takes Edmund, Lucy, and their cousin Eustace to the Eastern Islands, beyond the Silver Sea, toward Aslan's country at the End of the World. Illustrations."
9780719071157 Neither naively optimistic nor hopelessley pessimistic, this collection of writings by experts on the history of the troubles in Northern Ireland paints a realistic picture of the peace processes that have dotted the province's landscape.
9780373483372 Everyone in Amen Flats is shocked when prim Elspeth Tallchief's secret lover shows up one day, drawing the attention of every single woman in town, but Elspeth knows that her other secret is even more shocking. Original.
9781904633273 Timeless in its evocation of idealised family life and robustly enduring, Little Women is recognised as one of the best-loved classic children's stories of all time. Originally written as a 'girls' story', its appeal transcends the boundaries of time and age, making it as popular with adults as it is with young readers. For this is a beguiling story of happiness and hope, of the joys of companionship, domestic harmony and infinite mother love, all seen through the life of the March family. But which of the four March sisters to love best? For every reader must have their favourite. Independent, tomboyish Jo; delicate, loving Beth; pretty, kind Meg, or precocious and beautiful Amy, the baby of the family? Little Women was an instant success when first published in 1868, and followed only a year later by the sequel, Little Wives.
"9780821221877 Ansel Adams (1902-1984) produced some of the 20th century's most iconic photographic images and helped nurture the art of photography through his creative innovations and peerless technical mastery. The Print--the third volume in Adams' celebrated series of books on photographic techniques--has taught generations of photographers how to explore the artistic possibilities of printmaking. Examples of Adams' own work clarify the principles discussed. This classic handbook distills the knowledge gained through a lifetime in photography and remains as vital today as when it was first published. The Print takes you step-by-step--from designing and furnishing a darkroom to mounting and displaying your photographs, from making your first print to mastering advanced techniques, such as developer modifications, toning and bleaching, and burning and dodging. Filled with indispensable darkroom techniques and tips, this amply illustrated guide shows how printmaking--the culmination of photography's creative process--can be used expressively to enhance an image. ""Adams is a clear-thinking writer whose concepts cannot but help the serious photographer."" - New York Times ""A master-class kind of guide from an undisputed master."" - Publishers Weekly Over 1 million copies sold."
9780385333818 Wampeters, Foma & Granfalloons (Opinions) is a rare opportunity to experience Kurt Vonnegut speaking in his own voice about his own life, his views of the world, his writing, and the writing of others. An indignant, outrageous, witty, deeply felt collection of reviews, essays, and speeches, this is a window not only into Vonnegut's mind but also into his heart.
9780472064847 Explores the role of gender in poetic production, the tensions between poetry and contemporary literary theory, and the fluid boundaries between theoretical and literary writing.
9780141002989 At M's request, Bond has gone up against Sir Hugo Drax at the card table, on a mission to teach the millionaire and head of the Moonraker project a lesson he won't forget, and prevent a scandal engulfing Britain's latest defence system. But there is more to the mysterious Drax than simply cheating at cards. And once Bond delves deeper into goings-on at the Moonraker base he discovers that both the project and its leader are something other than they pretend to be . . .
9780439405591 Soren has been reunited with this sister, Eglantine, but now he must deal with the mysterious disappearance of his mentor, Ezylryb, and in his attempt to save his teacher must fight a formidable foe.
9780373767793 Businessman Chase Ramsey's audacious terms should have offended her, but Elena Sanchez had no choice. To save her family's business, she'd have to become Chase's mistress. Chase had waited years to avenge what Elena had done to him. Now she'd have to play by his rules. But the ebony-haired beauty soon had him craving her like a starving man. Had his indecent proposal backfired?
9781593080365 Features the story of a college graduate from St. Paul who leaves to marry a doctor in a small, middle-class town, only to find her efforts to bring culture and beauty to the town thwarted by its residents, testing her idealism.
9780679732341 This is the story of a love-smitten Charles; his friend Sam, the Phi Beta Kappa and former coat salesman; and Charles' mother, who spends a lot of time in the bathtub feeling depressed.
9780743203043 Shows how changes in work, family structure, women's roles, and other factors have caused people to become increasingly disconnected from family, friends, neighbors, and democratic structures--and how they may reconnect.
9780553562606 In the sequel to The Real Story and Forbidden Knowledge, a scheme unravels to reveal deeper schemes. By the author of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant. Reprint.
9780751504330 Different Seasons contains four stories with an interlacing of horror that capture the dark corners of our times. In Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption, a man convicted of a bloody murder lives in prison brutally ruled by a sadistic warden and secretly run by a con who knows all the ropes and pulls all the strings. He has more brains than anyone else in this sinister slammer, and a diabolically cunning plan of revenge that no one can guess until it's too late. And brace yourself for icy shock in three more stunning novellas of suspense. Four young boys come face to face with life, death and hints of their own mortality....A teenager becomes both the puppet and the puppet master of evil... A disgraced woman is determined to triumph over death. The greatest horror master of our time turns the screws of suspense to lock you into terrifying tension and nerve-tingling twists.
9780618057078 At the heart of this classic, seminal book is Julian Jaynes's still-controversial thesis that human consciousness did not begin far back in animal evolution but instead is a learned process that came about only three thousand years ago and is still developing. The implications of this revolutionary scientific paradigm extend into virtually every aspect of our psychology, our history and culture, our religion -- and indeed our future.
9780449004135 Claudette Blum and her father flee across the Alps into Italy with other Jews seeking refuge, only to find an open battle ground among the Nazis, Allied forces, resistance fighters, and ordinary Italians struggling to survive.
9781904919520 .0000000000Martyrs to hypochondria and general seediness, J. and his friends, George and Harris, decide that a jaunt up the Thames would suit them to a T. But when they set off, they can hardly predict the troubles that lie ahead. Three Men in a Boat was an instant success when it appeared in 1889, and, with its benign escapism, authorial discursions and wonderful evocation of the late-Victorian clerking classes, it hilariously captured the spirit of its age. Illustrated by A Fredericks, with an Afterword by David Stuart Davies.
9780006512677 Spares - human clones, the ultimate health insurance. An eye for an eye - but some people are doing all the taking. The story of Jack Randall: burnt-out, dropped out, and way overdrawn at the luck bank. But as caretaker on a Spares Farm, he still has a choice, and it might make a difference.
9780553585803 In the first installment of a trilogy of eco-thrillers set in Washington, D.C., environmental aide Charlie Quibler is frustrated in his attempts to prove to a distracted government that global warming has reached cataclysmic levels, a situation that is complicated when a promising technology is exploited for private interests. Reprint.
9780595272099 The account of Robert Vesco, the Kingfish, who bilked investors of $250 million dollars in the early seventies and fled the country just ahead of the Feds, ultimately landing in Cuba.
9780140185331 Just arrived in Vienna, Rollo Martins discovers that the friend he has come to visit is dead, and Philip, a small boy, unwittingly betrays his best friend to the police
9780345445780 Emerging from a fifteen-year prison sentence for a crime he did not commit, Eddie Nye vows to learn who was really responsible and searches for answers from his Wall Street freebooter brother, his lover Karen, and a young sharpshooter. Reprint.
"9780571202119 ""Set in the changing world of the 1960s, the motion picture Girl Interrupted is the searing story of Susanna, a young woman who finds herself at a mental institution for troubled young women. Susanna's 'short rest', prescribed by a psychiatrist she had met just once, becomes a strange journey into Alice's Wonderland, as she spends nearly a year both struggling and flirting with the thin line between 'normal' and 'crazy'. Susanna soon realizes how hard it is to get out once she's been committed, and ultimately she has to choose between the world of those who belong on the inside - such as the seductive and dangerous Lisa - and those who can engage with the reality of the outside world."" ""This volume includes storyboards and a discussion by the film's director James Mangold about the film-making process by which this screenplay by James Mangold and Lisa Loomer and Anna Hamilton Phelan was transferred to the screen.""--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved"
9780552135399 'If you care about something you have to protect it. If you're lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.' Eleven-year-old Owen Meany, playing in a Little League baseball game in Gravesend, New Hampshire, hits a foul ball and kills his best friend's mother. Owen doesn't believe in accidents; he believes he is God's instrument. What happens to Owen after that 1953 foul ball is both extraordinary and terrifying.
9780747267195 A man's body, virtually decapitated, is found by the Bosphorus. His identity card names him as Rifat Berisha, an Albanian. The family is impenetrable but when Inspector Cetin Ikmen, whose mother was Albanian, consults his cousin, Samsun, he's left in little doubt that Berisha's death is likely to be the result of a fis, an implacable blood feud between rival Albanian families. Which means the blood already shed will have to be avenged. And if the Berishas or their enemies discover Ikmen is from a noted Albanian clan, some of the spilt blood might be his...
9780310243564 A Is for Abductive B is for Body C is for Carpe Manana D is for Double-Ring E is for EPICtivities F is for Fractals G is for Grace H is for Holarchy I is for Icon J is for the J-Factor K is for Kaleidoscopic Change L is for Loopy M is for Metanarrative N is for Neurological Pre-Rewirings O is for Open-Endedness P is for Prayer Q is for Quest-ions R is for Radical Orthodoxy S is for Systems Theology T is for Tribal U is for Unknown V is for Voice W is for Wonder X is for Xenophilia Y is for Yes! Z is for ZendingDo You Know the Postmodern Alphabet?The letters are all the same, but the things they stand for are as different as the future is from the past. A Is for Abductive helps you get a handle today on the vocabulary of tomorrow, and on concepts indispensable for living out the old-fashioned gospel in these newfangled times.“You caused this book,” writes one of the authors. “People like you were insisting on a beginner’s guide to the pathway of postmodern ministry.” Here it is. There is no right or wrong place to begin—just pick a letter and start reading. You’ll acquire new words for a new world that will change how you think about church, about ministry, and about what it means to follow in Jesus’ footsteps—entering today’s culture in order to love it, serve it, and lead it home to God.
9780812927634 his new series contains crosswords slightly less taxing than those in The New York Times. Originally published by United Feature Syndicate, these crosswords have appeared in many of America's highest-circulation newspapers.
"9780571125296 A tie-in edition to the upcoming Broadway revival of Tom Stoppard's extraordinary play about love and marriage--the work that has been called ""the most moving play"" (""The New York Times"") he has ever written."
9780756403256 Presents a collection of original stories of the land of Valdemar, featuring contributions by Tanya Huff, Mickey Zucker Reichert, Fiona Patton, Judith Tarr, and Rosemary Edghill, as well as a novella by Mercedes Lackey.
9780786808397 Introduce your baby to birds, cats, dogs, and babies through fine art, illustration, and photographs. These books are a rare opportunity to exopse little ones to a range of images on a single subject, from simple child's drawings and abstract art to playful photos. A brief text accompanies each image, introducing baby to some basic -- and sometimes playful -- information about the subjects.
9780452277243 Follows a young woman from her early life on the run with her mother to her involvement with a cult and her struggle to free herself of its influence over her
9780140283365 Startling and bizarre, Kafka's masterpiece tells the story of a young man who becomes an object of disgrace to his family, an outsider in his own home, and a quintessentially alienated man. Part of Penguin's Great Books of the 20th Century series.
9780345475732 Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker embark on a mission to uncover the wearabouts of the evil Sith Lord, Darth Sidious, only to become trapped in a labyrinthine web of lies, betrayal, and intrigue.
"9780060587031 ""I'll swap you my dad,"" I said. ""Oh-oh,"" said my little sister. What if you wanted your best friend's two goldfish so much that you'd swap anything for them, even your father? What if your mother came home and found out what you'd done?"
9780689848827 Pandora the cat becomes a lighthouse keeper and saves the life of Seabold the dog, and together the two of them create a family with three young mice rescued from the sea.
"9780465017744 As heralded everywhere from NPR to the pages of the New York Times Magazine, a new era is underway in our colleges and universities: after a lengthy tenure, the dominance of postmodern theory has come to an end. In this timely and topical book, the legendary Terry Eagleton (""one of [our] best-known public intellectuals.""-Boston Globe) traces the rise and fall of these ideas from the 1960s through the 1990s, candidly assessing the resultant gains and losses. What's needed now, After Theory argues, is a return to the big questions and grand narratives. Today's global politics demand we pay attention to a range of topics that have gone ignored by the academy and public alike, from fundamentalism to objectivity, religion to ethics. Fresh, provocative, and consistently engaging, Eagleton's latest salvo will challenge everyone looking to better grasp the state of the world."
9780064409902 After grasshoppers ruin the crops, eight-year-old Laura Ingalls and her family leave Plum Creek and move to Burr Oak, Iowa, where they experience life in a small town and help manage a hotel. Reprint.
9780781731836 The best-selling general psychiatry text since 1972, Kaplan and Sadock's Synopsis of Psychiatry is now in its thoroughly updated Ninth Edition. This complete, concise overview of the entire field of psychiatry is a staple board review text for psychiatry residents and is popular with a broad range of students in medicine, clinical psychology, social work, and occupational therapy. This edition includes new chapters on health care delivery systems and end-of-life care and palliative medicine. Coverage of psychotropic drugs and neuropsychiatric foundations of biological psychiatry has been significantly updated. The book is DSM-IV-TR compatible and replete with case studies and tables, including ICD-10 diagnostic coding tables.
"9781595821065 Granny Viper is a ""people finder,"" a searcher for lost souls along the roads of a forbidding wasteland. Her latest mission: the safe return of a young woman named Tae, kidnapped eight years ago by vampire Nobility and held in Castle Gradinia on the Frontier's far border. But rescuing Tae is only half the battle--Viper knows she and the girl can't cross the formidable expanse to the town of Barnabas alone. After making the fatal mistake of hiring the mercenary Bullow Brothers to help her, Granny turns to the legendary Vampire Hunter D for salvation. As they traverse the bleak desert between the Inner and Outer Frontier, the two women and D find themselves in a race for their lives. And they soon discover how cruel the desert is--and how very ruthless the Bullow Brothers are . . . * Features six illustrations by the renowned Yoshitaka Amano, illustrator of Neil Gaiman's Sandman: The Dream Hunters."
9781569755662 GET D!RTY Next time you’re traveling or just chattin’ in Italian with your friends, drop the textbook formality and bust out with expressions they never teach you in school, including: *Cool slang *Funny insults *Explicit sex terms *Raw swear words Dirty Italian teaches the casual expressions heard every day on the streets of Italy: What's up? Come va? He's a real hottie. Lui è proprio un figo. This pizza's awesome! Questa pizza è buonissima! I'm totally wasted. Soo sbronzo. I gotta piss. Devo pisciare. Hey ref, you're an asshole! Arbitro cornuto! Wanna do it doggy-style? Lo facciamo alla pecorina?
9780140437508 When J. the narrator, George, Harris and Montmorency the dog set off on their hilarious misadventures, they can hardly predict the troubles that lie ahead with tow-ropes, unreliable weather-forecasts, imaginary illnesses, butter pats and tins of pineapple chunks. Denounced as vulgar by the literary establishment, Three Men in a Boat nevertheless caught the spirit of the times. The expansion of education and the increase in office workers created a new mass readership, and Jerome's book was especially popular among the 'clerking classes' who longed to be 'free from that fretful haste, that vehement striving, that is every day becoming more and more the bane of nineteenth-century life.' So popular did it prove that Jerome reunited his heroes for a bicycle tour of Germany. Despite some sharp, and with hindsight, prophetic observations of the country, Three Men on the Bummel describes an equally picaresque journey constrained only 'by the necessity of getting back within a given time to the point from which one started'.
9780060899226 A deliciously funny, delectably shocking banquet of wild-but-true tales of life in the culinary trade from Chef Anthony Bourdain, laying out his more than a quarter-century of drugs, sex, and haute cuisine—now with all-new, never-before-published material
9781401212223 After earning a fortune by cashing in on his own legend, Little Jack Horner--a.k.a. Jack B. Nimble, a.k.a. Jack the Giant Killer--is stripped of his wealth, banished from Fabletown, and tossed into a gulag filled with other renegade fables.
9780743437493 Jack Torrance sees his stint as winter caretaker of a Colorado hotel as a way back from failure, his wife sees it as a chance to preserve their family, and their five-year-old son sees the evil waiting just for them, as they journey into a world in which old horrors come to life to destroy the living. Reprint.
9780142003442 The popular radio show host showcases some of his favorite poems, including the work of Emily Dickinson, Walt Whitman, Robert Frost, Charles Bukowski, Donald Hall, Billy Collins, Robert Bly, and Sharon Olds, among others. Reprint.
9781414305776 The second prequel traces the rise of the Antichrist and the journey of the main characters--including Rayford, Chloe, and Buck--toward the Rapture where the seven-year Tribulation awaits them.
9780192807267 Candide is the most famous of Voltaire's 'philosophical tales', in which he combined witty improbabilities with the sanest of good sense. This edition includes four other prose tales - Micromegas, Zadig, The Ing--ecirc--;nu, and The White Bull - and a verse tale based on Chaucer's The Wife of Bath's Tale,: What Pleases the Ladies. - ;'If this is the best of all possible worlds, then what must the others be like?' Young Candide is tossed on a hilarious tide of misfortune, experiencing the full horror and injustice of this 'best of all possible worlds' - the Old and the New - before finally accepting that his old philosophy tutor Dr Pangloss has got it all wrong. There are no grounds for his daft theory of Optimism. Yet life goes on. We must cultivate our garden, for there is certainly room for improvement. Candide is the most famous of Voltaire's 'philosophical tales', in which he combined witty improbabilities with the sanest of good sense. First published in 1759, it was an instant bestseller and has come to be regarded as one of the key texts of the Enlightenment. What Candide does for chivalric romance, the other tales in this selection - Micromegas, Zadig, The Ingenu, and The White Bull - do for science fiction, the Oriental tale, the sentimental novel, and the Old Testament. This new edition also includes a verse tale based on Chaucer's The Wife of Bath's Tale, in which we discover that most elusive of secrets: What Pleases the Ladies. -
9780312288273 When Prince John accuses Fulke FitzWarin, a young courtier, of cheating at chess, the royal household is thrown into terrible turmoil, sparking a rivalry that could prevent the FitzWarin family from reclaiming their rightful estate.
9780743223850 In the perfect match of subject and author, John S. D. Eisenhower, a noted military historian, presents the definitive account of the birth of the modern Amer- ican army and its decisive role in World War I. With the help of his wife Joanne, Eisenhower captures the viewpoints of the actual participants, blending a narrative told from the perspective of top officers with the stories of average soldiers. Drawing on diaries and memoirs, he brings each engagement to life, from the initial planning to the actual battlefield experiences of soldiers whose exploits at Belleau Woods and along the Meuse-Argonne would become the stuff of legend. Along the way, he shows how General Pershing and other leaders -- including George Marshall, Douglas MacArthur, George Patton, Billy Mitchell, and Peyton March -- transformed the American Expeditionary Force from a small, underequipped force into a strong, efficient, and effective army. Fast-paced, lively, and engaging, Yanks illuminates the central role of the American army in turning the tide in the biggest war the world had ever known.
9780142500378 When young Elana unexpectedly joins the team leaving the spaceship to study the planet Andrecia, she becomes an integral part of an adventure involving three very different civilizations, each one centered on the third planet from the star in its own solar system. A 1971 Newbery Honor book. Reprint.
9780679734482 Soaring with malicious poetry and almost unbearably accurate in its characterizations, Martin Amis turns Success into a sort of Jacobean revenge comedy. Its antagonists are two mismatched foster brothers who perform a merciless tango of class hatred, sexual rivalry, and disappointed love.
9780887061998 Experimental Phenomenology has already been lauded for the ease with which its author explains and demonstrates the kinds of consciousness by which we come to know the structure of objects and the structure of consciousness itself. The format of the book follows the progression of a number of thought experiments which mark out the procedures and directions of phenomenological inquiry. Making use of examples of familiar optical illusions and multi-stable drawings, Professor Ihde illustrates by way of careful and disciplined step-by-step analyses, how some of the main methodological procedures and epistemological concepts of phenomenology assume concrete relevance. Such formidable fare as epoche, noetic and noematic analysis, apodicticity, adequacy, sedimentation, imaginative variation, field, and fringe are rendered into the currency of familiar examples from the everyday world.
9780316693356 While playing a round of golf on Christmas, Travis McKinley experiences a Zen-like vision that transforms him into a professional player, pits him against his favorite champions, and eventually saves his troubled marriage
9780385335546 Serving as midwives to a small mining town in prewar Appalachia, Elizabeth and her mother share in the intimate details of the lives, loves, and losses of every family in the region, but none of their neighbors know their own secrets, dreams, and desires--including the mystery of Elizabeth's father's identity or of Elizabeth's desperate yearning for her own child. A first novel. Reprint.
9781589802438 We hear the terms steer clear of, hit the deck, don't rock the boat, and to harbor a grudge and give little thought to their origin. Left together on ships for months, and often for years, pirate crews developed expressions that made their way into common usage. Terms for things related to life at sea became idioms used by land lubbers, a term derived from the holes in the platforms surrounding the mast that allowed sailors to avoid climbing the rigging around the platforms. A lubber was someone who was very clumsy, so a land lubber is someone who knows nothing about sailing and rigging.Centuries ago, men wore wigs of length denoting their wealth and importance. Soon, many naval captains, including Sir Henry Morgan and Captain Chaloner Ogle, who killed Black Bart Roberts, began to adopt the style. A law was passed in England declaring that only nobility, judges, and bishops could wear full-length wigs and so was born the term bigwig .Reading through these words and phrases is an abbreviated trip through history, with lists of major naval mutinies, a summary of the slave trade, and even jokes. This dictionary is written to be entertaining as well as informative, to give a flavor of the interesting times from the fifteenth to the eighteenth centuries when pirates controlled many sealanes. It also contains a treasure trove of factual information about life aboard the ship, important pirate haunts, and technical terms.
"9780452287068 To commemorate Morrison's winning the Nobel Prize for Literature, Knopf here republishes her full canon of novels. This edition of ""The Bluest Eye"" (1970) contains a new afterword by the author."
"9780140320435 Mr. Willy Wonka might be a genius with chocolate, but Charlie and his family don't trust his flying skills one bit. And right now, he's at the helm of a giant glass elevator that's picking up speed and hurtling through space with Charlie and the entire Bucket family stuck inside! Roald Dahl's uproarious sequel to ""Charlie and the Chocolate Factory"" is certain to delight and entertain a new generation of readers. ""From the Hardcover edition."""
9780932440556 The selections from these five poets constitute some of the greatest lyric poetry ever written. Each poet is introduced by the translator, David Young, and represented by a selection that spans the poet's development and career.
9780375711169 Traces the career of abstract expressionist Willem de Kooning, discussing his personal life with wife Elaine Fried, and his battle with alcoholism and Alzheimer's disease. Winner of the Pulitzer Prize, National Book Critics Circle Award, & Los Angeles Times Book Prize for Biography. Reprint. 35,000 first printing.
"9780061131622 Mandy, a ten-year-old orphan, dreams of a place to call her own. Escaping over the orphanage wall to explore the outside world, Mandy discovers a tiny deserted cottage in the woods. All through the spring, summer, and fall, Mandy works to make it truly hers. Sometimes she ""borrows"" things she needs from the orphanage. Sometimes, to guard her secret, she even lies. Then, one stormy night at the cottage, Mandy gets sick, and no one knows how to find her—except a special friend she didn't know she had. This new edition of a classic novel features beautiful black-and-white illustrations that capture the magic of finding a home."
9780761929949 Examining the role of crime in American politics and culture, The Politics of Injustice, Second Edition provides a better understanding of the nature of crime and punishment in America, as well as the cultural and political contexts in which they occur. Updated throughout, this book will be of interest to students in all areas of Criminology especially those involved in critical issues in Criminal Justice.
"9780684848150 A work combining fiction and history in a collaboration that encompasses fifty years gives readers a glimpse into the realities upon which America's modern culture is based and explores the complex relationship between ""waste analyst"" Nick Shay and artist Klara Sax"
9780747573647 Twelve-year-old Harriet is doing her best to grow up, which is not easy as her mother is permanently on medication, her father has silently moved to another city, and her serene sister rarely notices anything. All of them are still suffering from the shocking and mysterious death of her brother Robin twelve years earlier, and it seems to Harriet that the family may never recover. So, inspired by Captain Scott, Houdini, and Robert Louis Stevenson, she sets out with her only friend Hely to find Robin's murderer and punish him. But what starts out as a child's game soon becomes a dark and dangerous journey into the menacing underworld of a small Mississippi town.
"9780099339212 ""From Ernest Hemingway's Preface- 'There are many kinds of stories in this book. I hope you will find some that you like- In going where you have to go, and doing what you have to do, and seeing what you have to see, you dull and blunt the instrument you write with. But I would rather have it bent and dulled and know I had to put it on the grindstone and hammer it into shape and put a whetstone to it, and know that I had something to write about, than to have it bright and shining, and nothing to say, or smooth and well-oiled in the closet, but unused.' A collection of Hemingway's first forty-nine short stories, featuring a brief introduction by the author and lesser known as well as familiar tales, including 'Up in Michigan', 'Fifty Grand', and 'The Light of the World', and the Snows of Kilimanjaro, Winner Take Nothing'and Men Without Womencollections."""
9781930901353 The most full length critical and biographical studies of Flann O'Brien(the nom de plume of Brian O' Nolan an otherwise inoffensive Irish public servant) tend to push asid e the leviathan of Cruiskeen Lawn, a commodious, encyclopedic work of some two million words and focus instead on his novels in English. Dr. Donohue in this important new study considers all of O'Nolan's work including college writings, letters to the editor(raised to a form of national genius by F O'B.) and works in Irish. It draws upon the research and biographical material of Anthony Cronin's No Laughing Matter, along with new research and criticism and takes issue with some of the conclusions reached in Keith Hopper's A Portrait of a Postmodernist. By tracing O'Nolan's development as an artist over time, this new study uncovers the relentless anatomist and post modernist in Flann O'Brien, a man of genius dissecting and exposing life and custom in mid 20th century Dublin. O'Nolan's views on the arts and the novel are carefully discussed along with his relation to the literary Ireland of the deValera years.
9780226321325 Definitive text of Billy Budd, Sailor, is presented with extensive notes and commentary enabling the reader to trace the genesis and growth of Melville's masterpiece
9780723247791 This original, authorised version has been lovingly recreated electronically for the first time, with reproductions of Potter's unmistakeable artwork optimised for use on colour devices such as the iPad. When the cupboard is bare at the Flopsy Bunny's burrow, the family all have to go in search of food. They soon find some old lettuces on Mr McGregor's rubbish heap, but who can imagine the horrors that await them as they enjoy a nap after lunch! Peter Rabbit and Benjamin Bunny are two of Beatrix Potter's most popular characters and they are brought together in this exciting tale of danger and friendship. The Tale of The Flopsy Bunnies is number ten in Beatrix Potter's series of 23 little books, the titles of which are as follows: 1 The Tale of Peter Rabbit 2 The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin 3 The Tailor of Gloucester 4 The Tale of Benjamin Bunny 5 The Tale of Two Bad Mice 6 The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle 7 The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher 8 The Tale of Tom Kitten 9 The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck 10 The Tale of the Flopsy Bunnies 11 The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse 12 The Tale of Timmy Tiptoes 13 The Tale of Johnny Town-Mouse 14 The Tale of Mr. Tod 15 The Tale of Pigling Bland 16 The Tale of Samuel Whiskers 17 The Tale of The Pie and the Patty-Pan 18 The Tale of Ginger and Pickles 19 The Tale of Little Pig Robinson 20 The Story of a Fierce Bad Rabbit 21 The Story of Miss Moppet 22 Appley Dapply's Nursery Rhymes 23 Cecily Parsley's Nursery Rhymes
9781580624596 Learn the strategic rules of Sun Tzu and how to incorporate them into your management style. In this translation of The Art of War readers will benefit from the interpretations from other translators and strategist, as well as the 50 strategic rules, including: How to look for strategic turns to meet the competition How to attain strategic superiority and crush the competition How to plan surprise and stay ahead of the game And more timeless wisdom that will allow you to compete and win in the dynamic business environment! Business managers around the world have tapped into this ancient wisdom; it is time to master The Art of War for Managers for the existence and growth of your business!
"9780312266059 ""...I was convinced that Story of O was going to revolutionize the book trade, that I would sell hundreds of thousands of copies across the world, and that moral attitudes would change overnight. The audacity of this novel seemed to me to be liberating rather than provocative. I perceived the promise of a new freedom. And I expected to cause a shock.""--Jean-Jacques Pauvert, from the Introduction When Story of O was first published in 1954 in Paris by Jean-Jacques Pauvert, it narrowly escaped censorship by the Department of the Interior and eventually became the most widely translated French novel in the world. It describes in cool, elegant language the experiences of a young woman as she willingly enters a dark maze of perverse sexual practices within a clandestine amoral society. Revelling in pure fantasy, its theme is total submission through love to excesses of sadism and masochism, and the bond of ""ownership."" Now Doris Kloster, a photographer specializing in issues of women's sexuality and power, has realized a long-standing dream. She has created a photographic representation of one of the most famous and controversial erotic novels ever published. The result is another sensation. The Illustrated Story of O presents over 50 superb images which mirror perfectly the intense eroticism of the novel. Shooting entirely in Paris and its environs, Doris Kloster has succeeded in matching characters, locations, costumes and props to the original descriptions. And each magnificent color photograph is accompanied by a short extract from the novel. In addition, there is a Preface from Doris Kloster herself and an Introduction from Jean-Jacques Pauvert, the original publisher of the novel. The Illustrated Story of O presents a rich visual feast that will delight fans of Doris Kloster's work, and appeal strongly to connoisseurs of the darker excesses of sexuality. It is destined to become a classic collector's edition."
9780553374599 Living the last of his eight lives, Count Alandre Sessine VII races against time to defuse a lethal conspiracy on its way to Earth, while a betrayer is fast on his heels. Original.
9780395809990 Students and scholars will rejoice that the famed works of John Milton (1608-1974) now join those of Chaucer and Shakespeare in the definitive, one-volume Riverside series. Milton's early poetry is here and his important prose, but pride of place is given to his epics, PARADISE LOST and PARADISE REGAINED as well as his final masterpiece, the dramatic SAMSON AGONISTES.
9780393311037 A collection of essays answers questions about key scientific concepts, focusing, in particular, on Darwin's theory of evolution, natural selection, and its impact on biology, natural history, and modern science
9780486445632 In this 1821 classic, Hegel applies his most important concept — the dialectics — to law, rights, morality, the family, economics, and the state. The philosopher defines universal right as the synthesis between the thesis of an individual acting in accordance with the law and the occasional conflict of an antithetical desire to follow private convictions.
9780312426118 A wartime journal by a reporter and editor living through the Russian occupation of Berlin includes her observations of resident survival in the face of starvation, no water, and freezing conditions; the mass rapes endured by the city's women; and the corruption of Berlin citizens by their Russian occupiers. Reprint. 35,000 first printing.
9780806128948 Ovid's Metamorphosesis a weaving-together of classical myths, extending in time from the creation of the world to the death of Julius Caesar. This volume provides the Latin text of the first five books of the poem and the most detailed commentary available in English of these books.
9780689707490 The beloved, bestselling tale of edible weather is brought to life! If food dropped like rain from the sky, wouldn't it be marvelous! Or would it? It could, after all, be messy. And you'd have no choice. What if you didn't like what fell? Or what if too much came? Have you ever thought of what it might be like to be squashed flat by a pancake?
9781594481932 Meeting on New Year's Eve on the roof of Topper's House, a London destination infamous as a last stop for suicidal people, a television talk-show host, a musician, a teenage girl, and a mother share the stories about their circumstances and decisions. By the author of How to Be Good. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 500,000 first printing.
9781400047864 In the first volume of a trilogy chronicling the lives of star-crossed Celtic lovers Tristan and Isolde, Isolde, a gifted healer and princess destined to inherit the Irish throne from her mother, falls in love with Tristan, nephew of the King of Cornwall, who is embroiled in a war with the Irish queen. Reprint. 35,000 first printing.
9781403967213 EntreMundos offers a multidisciplinary investigation of the concepts, impact, and writings of contemporary cultural theorist and creative writer, Gloria Anzaldua. Her work, which is frequently anthologized and often cited, as well as widely taught at the high school, undergraduate, and graduate level, has challenged and expanded previous views in American Studies, Chicano/a Studies, composition studies, cultural studies, ethnic studies, feminism, literary studies, critical pedagogy, and queer theory. Here scholars from a number of disciplines gather to reflect critically and anecdotally on Anzaldua's writing, her ideas, and the wider significance of her work. Highlighting some of Anzaldúa's lesser explored theories, EntreMundos challenges readers to re-examine Anzaldúa's writings and theorizing from additional perspectives. The goal is to broaden Anzaldúan scholarship, shifting the conversation in new directions while underscoring the visionary yet pragmatic social-justice dimensions of her work.
9780385339667 Years after the bombing of a Mississippi law office in which Marvin Kramer's two sons died, former Klan member Sam Cayhill, the accused killer, has nearly exhausted his death row appeals, until young lawyer Adam Hall takes the case. Reprint. 35,000 first printing.
9788172235222 On A Train Journey Home To North India After Long Months Of Travel Abroad, The Playboy Bhushan Singh, Son Of The Raja Of Vijaygarh, Is Arrested And Thrown Into Jail. Charged With Treason, Bhushan Finds Himself In A Filthy Prison Cell Surrounded By Elderly Trade Unionists As Innocent Of Any Political Crime, And A Jittery Government Sees Sedition Under Every Stone. As They Wait For The Trial That Never Seems To Come, Bhushan Takes Up The Role Of Scheherazade, Enthralling His Cell-Mates With Stories From His Colourful Past. He Tells Them Of His Boyhood Affair With A Beautiful Muslim Girl That Sparked Off Two Murderous Riots And Led To His Banishment Abroad. He Tells Them Of His Life In The America Of The Roaring Twenties, Of Basking Beside A Turquoise Swimming Pool, Learning The Turkey Trot And Turning Down The Chance Of A Career As A Movie Star. Obsessed With His Childhood Love, Unable To Make Any Plans For His Life Except To Find Her Again, Bhushan Returns To India To Become An Exile Nearer Home In Mumbai. He Becomes The Friend And Lover Of Syllvia, A Vibrant And Modern Parsi Girl, But Even Her Energy And Devotion Are Not Enough To Heal His Wound. As News Of Violent World Events Penetrates The Prison Wall Civil Was In Turkey, The Rise Of Mussoloni, Gandhi S Salt March, Mass Arrests, The Death Of Hunger-Strikers In Lahore Bhushan Reaches The Climax Of His Story: The Monstrous Trick He Discovers Fate Has Played On Him, And The Crime He Can Never Forget. Full Of Mystery And Gentle Humour, Mistaken Identity Is A Story Of Love And Obsession That Brilliantly Summons Up The Turmoil Of India In The Twilight Years Of Empire
"9781400076819 Blending elements of reminiscence and cultural commentary, the award-winning author of Motherless Brooklyn presents a series of imaginative essays that address a wide range of cultural obsessions, in such works as ""Defending The Searchers,"" ""Identifying with Your Parents,"" and ""13/1977/21,"" about the summer he saw Star Wars twenty-one times. Reprint. 17,500 first printing."
9781579126247 A is for Ascher, cudgeled in Andover. B is for Barnard, strangled in Bexhill. C is for Clarke, struck down in Churston. Beside each body is an A.B.C. Railway guide; before each murder Hercule Poirot is notified. In one of Christie's most twisted tales, the meticulous Belgian sleuth must navigate the eerie maze of a serial killer's mind. D is for Doncaster, where the next victim dies... E is for evidence, ingeniously analyzed.
9780441005963 A collection of the complete and long out-of-print Riddle-Master trilogy, a modern-day fantasy classic, offers a new introduction by the author and brings back the magical adventures of a young prince discovering his identity in a uniquely realized land. Original.
9780375724633 The arrival of a quiet stranger turns the life of acclaimed British actress Julia Lambert upside down as she confronts rejection, her capacity as a mother, and her own sense of self, in this classic, long-out-of-print novel by the author of Of Human Bondage. Reprint. 10,000 first printing.
9781401301941 Cooking sensation Jamie Oliver returns with a cookbook designed to delight the entire family! estselling cookbook author Jamie Oliver takes his signature fresh, fun cooking style into new territory by putting his focus on the family. Designed to encourage us to eat healthier meals at home and enjoy our time spent in the kitchen, Jamie's Dinners features over 100 new and simple recipes for easy-to-afford, easy-to-prepare gourmet dinners that will get even the busiest of families back into the kitchen. Jamie's pared-down style and inventive use of fresh, uncomplicated ingredients will ensure that even novice chefs can cook up delicious dinners with confidence and ease using accessible, stylish recipes that the whole family will love, such as Farfalle with Carbonara and Spring Peas and Japanese-Style Saturday Night Steak.
9780312263232 This beautifully imagined debut novel tells the story of five generations of women in one family against the backdrop of 100 years in Jerusalem. Starting with the birth of the family's first boy to the last generation, this epic is rich in the magical realism of fable and folklore.
9781421510439 Cleaning up the afterlife – one spirit at a time! R to L (Japanese Style). Cleaning up the afterlife – one spirit at a time! Ichigo Kurosaki never asked for the ability to see ghosts, he was born with the gift. When his family is attacked by a Hollow (a malevolent lost soul) Ichigo becomes a Soul Reaper, dedicating his life to protecting the innocent and helping the tortured spirits themselves find peace. Find out why Tite Kubo's Bleach has become an international manga smash-hit! The rebellion within the Soul Society grows as doubts spread about the death sentence of ex-Soul Reaper Rukia Kuchiki. Determined to save her, Rukia's childhood friend Renji vows to cut down the captain of his own squad, unaware of the terrifying fate that awaits him.
9780060527983 Warrior of the Light: A Manual is an inspirational companion to The Alchemist, an international bestseller that has beguiled millions of readers around the world. Every short passage invites us to live out our dreams, to embrace the uncertainty of life, and to rise to our own unique destiny. In his inimitable style, Paulo Coelho helps bring out the Warrior of the Light within each of us. He also shows readers how to embark upon the way of the Warrior: the one who appreciates the miracle of being alive, the one who accepts failure, and the one whose quest leads him to become the person he wants to be. Paulo Coelho is one of the most beloved storytellers of our time. Now, in the long-awaited companion to his first novel, Coelho presents a collection of philosophical stories that will delight and guide seekers everywhere.
9781859840542 Explores the work of Mother Teresa, questioning her association with corrupt and cruel leaders and discussing the way wealthy western society promotes her as a celebrity
9780441092758 Possessed with the gift of magic, Gwenlliant of Celydonn travels with her husband to Mochdreff to rule over a nation with a long history of animosity toward her people. Original.
9781582404875 Rick Grimes attempts to lay down roots in a maximum-security prison, which he anticipates will be an easily defensible base, until he and his partners encounter four zombies, with whom they establish a tenuous truce.
9780226134345 For this fiftieth-anniversary edition, Dahl has written an extensive new afterword that reevaluates Madisonian theory in light of recent research. And in a new foreword, he reflects back on his influential volume and the ways his views have evolved since he wrote it. For any student or scholar of political science, this new material is an essential update on a gold standard in the evolving field of democratic theory.
9780553583151 The carnage of World War I comes back to haunt Scotland Yard Inspector Ian Rutledge when he discovers that the woman who has become the prime suspect in the callous murder he is investigating is the grieving fiancTe of Hamish, a young Scot whom he was forced to execute unwillingly on the battlefield of the war. By the author of A Test of Wills. Reprint.
"9781593080549 The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, by Robert Louis Stevenson, is part of theBarnes & Noble Classics series, which offers quality editions at affordable prices to the student and the general reader, including new scholarship, thoughtful design, and pages of carefully crafted extras. Here are some of the remarkable features of Barnes & Noble Classics: New introductions commissioned from today''s top writers and scholars Biographies of the authors Chronologies of contemporary historical, biographical, and cultural events Footnotes and endnotes Selective discussions of imitations, parodies, poems, books, plays, paintings, operas, statuary, and films inspired by the work Comments by other famous authors Study questions to challenge the reader''s viewpoints and expectations Bibliographies for further reading Indices & Glossaries, when appropriate All editions are beautifully designed and are printed to superior specifications; some include illustrations of historical interest. Barnes & Noble Classics pulls together a constellation of influences--biographical, historical, and literary--to enrich each reader''s understanding of these enduring works. Idealistic young scientist Henry Jekyll struggles to unlock the secrets of the soul. Testing chemicals in his lab, he drinks a mixture he hopes will isolate--and eliminate--human evil. Instead it unleashes the dark forces within him, transforming him into the hideous and murderous Mr. Hyde. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde dramatically brings to life a science-fiction case study of the nature of good and evil and the duality that can exist within one person. Resonant with psychological perception and ethical insight, the book has literary roots in Dostoevsky''s ""The Double"" and Crime and Punishment. Today Stevenson''s novella is recognized as an incisive study of Victorian morality and sexual repression, as well as a great thriller. This collection also includes some of the author''s grimmest short fiction: ""Lodging for the Night,"" ""The Suicide Club,"" ""Thrawn Janet,"" ""The Body Snatcher,"" and ""Markheim."" Jenny Davidson is Assistant Professor of eighteenth-century literature and culture in the Department of English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University. Her novel Heredity appeared from Soft Skull Press in 2003."
"9780373802395 As the moon rises, unimaginable power emerges in this collection of stories that includes Mercedes Lackey's ""Moontide,"" in which a young woman chooses to follow a Fool and discovers a magic that comes with a high price, as well as ""The Heart of the Moon"" by Tanith Lee and ""Banshee Cries"" by C. E. Murphy. Original."
9780830826056 In this New Studies in Biblical Theology volume, Henri Blocher offers a philosophically sophisticated treatment of the biblical evidence for original sin, interacting with the best theological thinking on the subject and showing that while the nature of original sin is a mystery only belief in it makes sense of evil and wrongdoing.
9780060567231 Earth is long since dead. On a colony planet, a band of men has gained control of technology, made themselves immortal, and now rules their world as the gods of the Hindu pantheon. Only one dares oppose them: he who was once Siddhartha and is now Mahasamatman. Binder of Demons. Lord of Light.
