9781567921571 Two trailblazing novels by Georges Perec, Things: Jerome and Sylvie, the young upwardly mobile couple, lust for the good life. They wanted life's enjoyment, but this equated to ownership. A Man Asleep: A nameless student attempts to purify himself entirely of material desires and ambitions.
9781551111728 One of Joseph Conrad’s greatest novels, Lord Jim brilliantly combines adventure and analysis. Haunted by the memory of a moment of lost nerve during a disastrous voyage, Jim submits to condemnation by a Court of Inquiry. In the wake of his disgrace he travels to the exotic region of Patusan, and as the agent at this remote trading post comes to be revered as ‘Tuan Jim.’ Here he finds a measure of serenity and respect within himself. However, when a gang of thieves arrives on the island, the memory of his earlier disgrace comes again to the fore, and his relationship with the people of the island is jeopardized. This new Broadview edition is based on the first British edition of 1900, which provides the historical basis for the accompanying critical and contextual discussions. The appendices include a wide variety of Conrad’s source material, documents concerning the scandal of the Jeddah, along with other materials such as a substantial selection of early critical comments.
9780140178135 When his closest friend, Benjamin Sachs, accidentally blows himself up on a Wisconsin road, Peter Aaron attempts to piece together the events that led to Ben's tragic demise and determine the reason for his death
9780691020686 Mircea Eliade--one of the most renowned expositors of the psychology of religion, mythology, and magic--shows that myth and symbol constitute a mode of thought that not only came before that of discursive and logical reasoning, but is still an essential function of human consciousness. The author describes and analyzes some of the most powerful and ubiquitous symbols that have ruled the mythological thinking of people of the East and West in many times and at many levels of cultural development.
9781400047833 An insider takes readers on a walking tour of Portland, Oregon, revealing the city's quirky, cheap, and wild side as he visits unusual museums, offbeat annual festivals and events, scenes of ghostly hauntings, strange local customs, and more. 25,000 first printing.
"9780809530953 This new collection includes all five previously uncollected ""Amber"" stories, plus the prologue from the rare limited edition of Trumps of Doom, and sixteen other fantasy and science fiction stories (including a collaboration with Harlan Ellison)."
"9780618471164 The Earth and Its Peoples Brief Edition is a compact presentation of world history with a comparative approach and a global, balanced perspective. The themes of ""Environment and Technology"" and ""Diversity and Dominance"" unite the regions of the world. The Earth and Its Peoples Brief Edition offers a high level of scholarship with a supportive, student-friendly format."
9780786918140 A one-time Hero of the Heart, Dhamon Grimwulf has descended into a life of crime, bitterness, and squalor, but as the dragon overlords of the Fifth Age plot to destroy their enemies, he, with the help of his former comrades, must redeem himself from his self-destructive life. Reprint.
9780071428484 The fun and easy way to quickly enhance your French reading skills Easy French Reader is based on the premise that the best way to learn a language is to start reading it, immediately. Suitable for raw beginners to intermediate-level language learners, this popular title features engaging readings of progressive difficulty that allow you to rapidly build your comprehension. Find out what unfamiliar words and phrases mean with the book's helpful glossary Discover the nuances of French language and culture as well as the country's history through engaging texts Get a feel for authentic French society with readings from contemporary literature
9780887511127 The language young children use is the language they learn. In clear, practical terms, this primer explains how early childhood educators and primary teachers can support the efforts of non-English speaking children in nursery schools, day care centres and classrooms to use -- and learn -- English as a second language. Loaded with ideas and down-to-earth advice from two highly experienced and internationally renowned ESL experts, it's an essential guide to developing a sensitive, welcoming program for all of the world's children.
9781414306346 Provides a Christian interpretation of the first six books, arguing that the series supports biblical teaching as opposed to the practice of the occult, and offers insights into character names, imagery, and themes.
9781852426743 'It began with a shattered dream?' Alvin Darby is a 29 year old insurance clerk, with a comfortable apartment, a beautiful wife and enough money in the bank not to have to worry. So why does he wake up in the middle of the night tortured by the image of a woman with platinum blonde hair? And why is he suddenly convinced that his wife is having an affair? Consumed by jealousy, Alvin leaves his comfortable life to walk the streets of Skid Row intent on murder. Caught up in an underworld of drugs and crime, Alvin is soon out of his depth, and back with his old girlfriend Geraldine, whose seductive silver yellow hair and orange lips seem to hold the key to unlock the dark and terrible sin of his past?
9780671743055 The witnesses to a horrific murder, Cory Mackenson and his father investigate and come face to face with the vicious Blaylock clan, a secret society united by racial hatred, and a reptilian creature inhabiting the river. Reissue.
9780192839572 Follows the adventures of young Fabrizio del Dongo as he joins Napoleon's army just before the Battle of Waterloo, and struggles to keep hidden his love for Clelia amid the intrigues and secrets of the small court of Parma.
9780618506910 Entre amis is a performance-oriented program designed to expand students' interpersonal, interpretive, and presentational communicative skills by presenting and rehearsing situations similar to those they will encounter in real life. Based on a progressive approach, Entre amis features thorough coverage of all four-language skills with a strong emphasis on oral communication. The language presented and practiced is always embedded in a French cultural context.
9780486285153 Explores the origins of Greek tragedy and the elements through which it achieved greatness, which include the opposing characteristics of Dionysian irrationality and Apollonian restraint.
9780143038108 Winnie Louie, an aging Chinese woman convinced that she will die soon, decides to unburden herself by divulging the secrets of those closest to her and to her suspicious, Americanized daughter.
9780826411327 Although Erich Fromm intended to publish his work as a practicing psychotherapist, these plans were never realized in his lifetime. This volume fulfills his wish. Not intended as a textbook about psychoanalytic therapy, these reflections provide welcome new information about Fromm the therapist and the way he dealt with the psychological suffering of his patients. As Fromm envisioned, each chapter is structured to capture the informality and intimacy of his psychoanalytic work so that readers get a new and different sense of Fromm's humanism, honesty and insight. These talks and seminars, given by Fromm between 1964 and his death in 1980, deal with the issues between analyst and analysand that go to the heart of the psychoanalytic process. For Fromm, the analyst is his or her own next patient, as the patient becomes his or her analyst.
9780596527419 Provides information and examples on using CSS to format Web pages, covering such topics as Web typography, links, navigation, page layouts, and Web site design.
9780671021009 In this extraordinary coming-of-age odyssey, Wally Lamb invites us to hitch a wild ride on a journey of love, pain, and renewal with the most heartbreakingly comical heroine to come along in years. Meet Dolores Price. She's 13, wise-mouthed but wounded, having bid her childhood goodbye. Stranded in front of her bedroom TV, she spends the next few years nourishing herself with the Mallomars, potato chips, and Pepsi her anxious mother supplies. When she finally orbits into young womanhood at 257 pounds, Dolores is no stronger and life is no kinder. But this time she's determined to rise to the occasion and give herself one more chance before she really goes under.
9780385495226 Describes how a strain of lethal virus showed up in 1989 at a Virginia laboratory, and relates the efforts of a military biohazard SWAT team to identify and contain the virus
9780425213384 The mysterious death of diver Ted Eddings, an investigative reporter, and the murder of a morgue assistant driving her car lead medical examiner Kay Scarpetta, her niece, and police captain Pete Marino on the trail of a deadly supremacist group.
9781551114125 Published in 1749, the story of Mrs. Teachum and the nine pupils who make up her “little female academy” is widely recognized as the first full-length novel for children, and the first to be aimed specifically at girls. The daily experiences of Mrs. Teachum’s charges are interwoven with fables and fairy tales illustrating the book’s underlying principles, which draw on contemporary theories of education and virtue. As central to the history of the novel as it is to the development of children’s literature, The Governess is a pioneering work by one of the eighteenth century’s most respected women writers. This Broadview edition includes a critical introduction that places The Governess in its cultural and literary context; appendices include examples of eighteenth-century educational literature and selections from Fielding’s correspondence.
"9780500203477 From its roots in the development of printing, graphic design has evolved as a means of identification, information, and promotion to become a profession and discipline in its own right. This authoritative documentary history begins with the poster and goes on to chart the development of word and image in brochures and magazines, advertising, corporate identity, television, and electronic media, and the impact of technical innovations such as photography and the computer. For the revised edition, a new final chapter covers all the recent international developments in graphic design, including the role of the computer and the Internet in design innovation and globalization. In the last years of the twentieth century, at a time when ""designer products"" and the use of logos grew in importance, the role of graphic designers became more complex, subversive, and sometimes more politicalwitness Oliviero Toscani's notorious advertisements for Benetton. Digital technology cleared the way for an astonishing proliferation of new typefaces, and words began to take second place to typography in a whole range of magazines and books as designers asserted the primacy of their medium. Designers and companies discussed here include Neville Brody, David Carson, Design Writing Research, Edward Fella, Tibor Kalman, Jeffery Keedy, LettError, Pierre di Sciullo, Tomato, Gerard Unger, Cornel Windlin, and a host of others. Over 800 illustrations, 30 in color."
9780876856833 Charles Bukowski examines cats and his childhood in You Get So Alone at Times, a book of poetry that reveals his tender side. He delves into his youth to analyze its repercussions.
9780375826887 Timber! It’s off with the tuxedo and on with a red jacket when Adam Sharp goes undercover as a Mountie in Canada’s north woods. Ecanem, a mysterious logging company, is hogging Canada’s lumber business, so the Mounties call on superspy Adam Sharp to get to the bottom of things. Will this wanabee Mountie get his man—or, in this case, will he only get a moose?
9781400034697 The Nobel Prize-winning author of Love in the Time of Cholera presents a collection of twelve stories that feature an aging streetwalker and her gravesite-mourning dog, a bereaved father's journey to Rome, a paranoid husband, and more. Reprint.
9780156028066 Known for her novels, and for the dubious fame of being a doyenne of the 'Bloomsbury Set', in her time Virginia Woolf was highly respected as a major essayist and critic with a special interest and commitment to contemporary literature, and women's writing in particular. This spectacular collection of essays and other writings does justice to those efforts, offering unique appraisals of Aphra Behn, Mary Wollstonecraft, the Duchess of Newcastle, Dorothy Richardson, Charlotte Bronte, and Katherine Mansfield, amongst many others. Gathered too, and using previously unpublished (sometimes even unsigned) journal extracts, are what will now become timeless commentaries on 'Women and Fiction', 'Professions for Women' and 'The Intellectual Status of Women'. More than half a century after the publication of A Room Of One's Own, distinguished scholar Michele Barrett cohesively brings together work which, throughout the years, has been scattered throughout many texts and many volumes. . . affording these very valuable writings the collective distinction they deserve at last.
9780618586455 A selection of the finest spiritual writing of the year offers essays and articles on faith, spirituality, and their influence on politics, creativity, literature, and other fields, reflecting Christian, Muslim, Jewish, Buddhist, and other diverse perspectives.
9780451412119 Paid millions of dollars by a rogue Arab oil minister to sabotage the Alaska pipeline, Russian mastermind Ivan Kerikov accidentally crosses paths with geologist Philip Mercer, who begins to unravel a tangled web of ecological and economic terrorism. Reprint.
9780441013302 Enslaved by a nomadic tribe after escaping an attack on his family's starship en route to Morningstar, a civilized oupost on a savage planet, Cale Alexandros stumbles upon a mysterious book filled with strange metal pages and cryptic writings in an ancient ruined temple, a volume that holds the key to deciphering alien languages but makes him the target of ruthless enemies. Original.
9780671867423 An account of Lincoln's revolutionary speech describes how, in the space of 272 words, the President brought to bear the rhetoric of the Greek Revival, the categories of transcendentalism, and the imagery of the Rural Cemetary Movement
9780006551393 Half of this new, post-Cold War world is intent on building a better Lexus, on streamlining their societies and economies for the global marketplace, while the other half is locked in elemental struggles over who owns which olive tree, which strip of land.
9781551666723 Finding everything she has worked for in jeopardy and her entire life hanging in the balance of a decision that she has only two weeks to make, Stevie Corbett puts her fate into the hands of journalist Judd Mackie, who is determined to expose her secrets to the world until he discovers the truth. Originally in paperback. 200,000 first printing.
"9780820320977 Robert Penn Warren's 1946 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel All the King's Men is one of the undisputed classics of American literature. Fifty years after the novel's publication, Warren's characters still stand as powerful representations of the moral dilemmas faced by individuals in positions of power. All the King's Men had its genesis in Warren's stage play Proud Flesh, unpublished in his lifetime. He also wrote a subsequent unpublished play titled Willie Stark: His Rise and Fall and a later dramatic version of the novel that shared the title All the King's Men. This volume is the first to collect all three dramatic texts and to publish Proud Flesh and Willie Stark. Proud Flesh is particularly fascinating for what it reveals about the development of All the King's Men and Warren's changing perceptions of its characters and themes. The other plays, as post-novel writings, provide a forum for Warren to clarify his intentions in the novel. The editors' introduction to this collection reviews the composition history of the works and their relationship to the novel and to each other. The new perspectives on Warren's writing presented in Robert Penn Warren's ""All the King's Men"": Three Stage Versions provide a glimpse into a creative mind struggling with a compelling story and offer readers another way of looking at this American classic. This book is an essential reference in Warren studies that will give students of All the King's Men another context from which to consider Warren's novel."
9781740596466 At last - the two hottest stars on the travel circuit combined in one sizzling guidebook! Grab your pack and head south to Australia's awesome beaches and New Zealand's spectacular landscapes. Written for backpackers by backpackers, this guide to the wonders clown under helps you travel further and pay less. - Two in one - No other guide covers both Australia and New Zealand, let alone from a backpacker's perspective - Get the lowdown on where to go for nonstop parties, and where to find a little space all to yourself - Eat cheap and sleep easy with our fully updated coverage of the best local eateries and great-value accommodation - Take your life in your hands - get your thrills from the best scuba diving, bungy jumping, skiing and jetboating that Oz and NZ bas to offer!
9780064408677 Swan Song Like the rest of his family, Louis is a trumpeter swan. But unlike his four brothers and sisters, Louis can't trumpet joyfully. In fact, he can't even make a sound. And since he can't trumpet his love, the beautiful swan Serena pays absolutely no attention to him. Louis tries everything he can think of to win Serena's affection -- he even goes to school to learn to read and write. But nothing seems to work. Then his father steals him a real brass trumpet. Is a musical instrument the key to winning Louis his love?
9780061238239 A conclusion to the Earth Chronicles series brings the author's theories about the Anunnaki extraterrestrial beings full circle, addressing key questions pertaining to such topics as the biblical Daniel, Sir Isaac Newton, and the end of the world.
9780451203267 From the perspective of the former policewoman, crime writer, and unknowing personal friend, tells the story of Ted Bundy, a brilliant law student executed for killing three women, who confessed to killing thirty-five others.
9781855384279 Carlos Castaneda Was One Of The Most Influential Spiritual Teachers Of The 20Th Century. In This Stunning New Jacket Edition Of His Bestselling Book, He Takes The Reader On An Amazing Journey Of The Soul Via The Teachings Of The Great Sorcerer Don Juan And Reveals That There Are Worlds Existing Within Our Own That Can Be Visited Through Dreams. The Art Of Dreaming Is An Extraordinary And Exciting Adventure Of The Psyche Unlike Any Other, Which Takes The Reader On An Amazing Journey Of The Soul Via The Teachings Of The Great Sorcerer, Don Juan. Carlos Castaneda Reveals That, Like The Layers Of An Onion, There Are Worlds Existing Within Our Own That Can Be Visited Through Dreams. Using Powerful Ancient Techniques To Alter His State Of Consciousness, Castaneda Travels Into New Worlds And Encounters Remarkable But Dangerous Beings; He Conjoins Energy Bodies With Another Dreamer In Order To Dream And Explore Together, And Thus Acquires New Knowledge And Understanding. Castaneda'S Compelling Writing Enables The Reader To Participate Fully In His Eye-Opening And Thrilling Discoveries And Explorations.
9780812975932 Seventeen-year-old Manhattan society girl Grady McNeil is free to pursue her illicit romance with Clyde Manzer, a Jewish parking lot attendant from Brooklyn, when her parents decide to leave her alone for the summer. Reprint.
"9780872200470 'The publication of these excellent translations is a happy occasion for teachers of courses in political philosophy and the history of political theory...' - Raymon M Lemos, ""Teaching Philosophy""."
9781561796779 The authors maintain that children's core values are greatly shaped by what is going on in their culture when they are ten years old--and they show parents how to achieve reconciliation and improve communication between generations.
9780552998482 Try me...Test me...Taste me.When an exotic stranger, Vianne Rocher, arrives in the French village of Lansquenet and opens a chocolate boutique directly opposite the church, Father Reynaud identifies her as a serious danger to his flock especially as it
9780743253970 An American classic and great bestseller for over thirty years, A Separate Peace is timeless in its description of adolescence during a period when the entire country was losing its innocence to the second world war. Set at a boys’ boarding school in New England during the early years of World War II, A Separate Peace is a harrowing and luminous parable of the dark side of adolescence. Gene is a lonely, introverted intellectual. Phineas is a handsome, taunting, daredevil athlete. What happens between the two friends one summer, like the war itself, banishes the innocence of these boys and their world. A bestseller for more than thirty years, A Separate Peace is John Knowles’s crowning achievement and an undisputed American classic.
9780312941468 Far too busy to get involved with men or marriage, Cate Madigan spends her time in school and working as a bartender, but her life changes when she encounters ex-cop Kellen McBride, a man who quickly draws her into danger.
9780553804935 In eighteenth-century England, Lia, the daughter of the leader of the drakon tribe whose members can transform from human to dragon, uses her own talents to locate a powerful diamond, a gem that could allow a human to control the drakon.
9780873515122 Fitzgerald's sensitivity about wealth and position--later made evident in such classics as The Great Gatsby and Tender is the Night--was bred of his St. Paul family and associations.
"9780226677149 ""Movement 2. The rumble of distant events in Germany and Spain presages the storm of WWII. In England, even as the whirl of marriages and adulteries, fashions and frivolities, personal triumphs and failures gathers speed, men and women find themselves on the brink of fateful choices."
"9780060930318 There are situations in which we fail for a moment to recognize the person we are with, in which the identity of the other is erased while we simultaneously doubt our own. This also happens with couples--indeed, above all with couples, because lovers fear more than anything else ""losing sight"" of the loved one. With stunning artfulness in expanding and playing variations on the meaningful moment, Milan Kundera has made this situation--and the vague sense of panic it inspires--the very fabric of his new novel. Here brevity goes hand in hand with intensity, and a moment of bewilderment marks the start of a labyrinthine journey during which the reader repeatedly crosses the border between the real and the unreal, between what occurs in the world outside and what the mind creates in its solitude. Of all contemporary writers, only Kundera can transform such a hidden and disconcerting perception into the material for a novel, one of his finest, most painful, and most enlightening. Which, surprisingly, turns out to be a love story."
9780375700262 Now ailing and surrounded by her children, sixty-five-year-old Ann Grant Lord reminisces about a glorious summer weekend some forty years earlier during which she met and lost the love of her life. By the author of Folly. 100,000 first printing. Tour.
9780060515225 A mysterious circus terrifies an audience for one extraordinary performance before disappearing into the night, taking one of the spectators along with it . . . In a novella set two years after the events of American Gods, Shadow pays a visit to an ancient Scottish mansion, and finds himself trapped in a game of murder and monsters . . . In a Hugo Award-winning short story set in a strangely altered Victorian England, the great detective Sherlock Holmes must solve a most unsettling royal murder . . . Two teenage boys crash a party and meet the girls of their dreams—and nightmares . . . In a Locus Award-winning tale, the members of an excusive epicurean club lament that they've eaten everything that can be eaten, with the exception of a legendary, rare, and exceedingly dangerous Egyptian bird . . . Such marvelous creations and more—including a short story set in the world of The Matrix, and others set in the worlds of gothic fiction and children's fiction—can be found in this extraordinary collection, which showcases Gaiman's storytelling brilliance as well as his terrifyingly entertaining dark sense of humor. By turns delightful, disturbing, and diverting, Fragile Things is a gift of literary enchantment from one of the most unique writers of our time.
9781581346527 For over twenty-five years John Piper has trumpeted the truth that “God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in him.” He calls it Christian Hedonism. The problem is that many people, after being persuaded, find that this truth is both liberating and devastating. It’s liberating because it endorses our inborn desire for joy. And it’s devastating because it reveals that we don’t desire God the way we should. What do you do when you discover the good news that God wants you to be content in him, but then find that you aren’t? If joy in God were merely the icing on the cake of Christian commitment, this book would be insignificant. But Piper argues that joy is so much more. Our being satisfied in God is necessary to show God’s worthiness and to sustain sacrifices of love. Jesus endured the cross for the joy that was set before him. He tasted it. It sustained him through the deepest suffering. His Father was glorified. His people were saved. That is what joy in God does. The absolutely urgent question becomes: What can I do if I don’t have it? With a pastor’s heart and with radical passion for the glory of Christ, John Piper helps you answer that question.
9780375407932 A trio of novel--All the Pretty Horses, The Crossing, and Cities of the Plain--that chronicles the lives and fates of two young men coming of age in the American Southwest and Mexico are combined in a single volume. 20,000 first printing.
9781568821801 It is the City that Never Sleeps. During the day ships, barges, tugs, and pleasure boats ply New York's bay and rivers, dashing beneath bridges and disgorging thousands of people upon the city's shores. Each brings hope and dreams of a new life. At night the city blazes with myriad lights, diamonds dazzling in buildings that scrape the sky. Music, food, dance, dark rituals, and clandestine cults flourish beneath the mantle of New York City.
9781860467226 When Raimundo Silva, humble proof-reader for a Lisbon publishing house, takes it upon himself to insert a negative into the sentence of a history book, he rewrites history. The effect of this act of insubordination is to make his editor, the voluptuous Dr Maria Sara, fall in love with him.
9780805069853 An introduction to Robert Frost features an abundance of poems, selected by the poet himself, to be read and enjoyed by readers and poets of all ages. Reprint. 15,000 first printing.
9780375844409 Although they have been friends and neighbors all their lives, straight Naomi and gay Ely find their relationship severely strained during their freshman year at New York University when Naomi starts dating Bruce.
9780142501184 In 1620, a boy and his dog are rescued from the doomed ship, Flying Dutchman, by an angel who guides them in traveling the world, eternally helping those in great need.
9780618640140 A large-format collection of drawings and paintings culled from the illustrated edition of the Lord of the Rings and the recent film trilogy includes more than 150 illustrations from the author as well as twenty full-color plates made for Peter Jackson's production company.
9780618710539 The Pulitzer Prize-winning author of Friday Nights Lights chronicles a three-game series between baseball rivals Cardinals and Cubs, focusing particular attention on the stars of the game, Albert Pujols, Sammy Sosa, Mark Prior, and Scott Rolen. Reprint.
"9780786881482 Poems from the Film Il Postino. The poems collected in this book are at the heart of the film Il Postino, a cinematic fantasy spun from an apocryphal incident in the life of the Chilean poet and Nobel laureate, Pablo Neruda. Together they show why many consider Neruda to be the finest love poet of the century. Few writers of any age have described the pleasures and torments of erotic love with such un-sentimental directness and sensual precision. Here, too, we find Neruda at his most accessible, the language of his odes and lyrics refined to the point at which it achieves, in critic Jean Franco's words, ""the naturalness of song"". This short selection draws on work from throughout his writing life, from the famous early collection Twenty Love Songs & a Song of Despair (1924) to the key works of his maturity, Residence on Earth (1935), Elemental Odes (1954) and the autobiographical Memorial de Isla Negra (1964). It offers an enticing glimpse of one of modern poetry's greatest masters."
9780143034902 The international literary sensation--a runaway bestseller in Spain--is about a boy's quest through the secrets and shadows of postwar Barcelona for a mysterious author whose book has proved as dangerous to own as it is impossible to forget.
9780761545644 A legendary series returns . . . and gets the game guide it deserves! ·Combat tactics, puzzle solutions, Bard leveling tips, and more! ·Fully labeled maps of every area! ·Complete stats on weapons, monsters, and tunes! ·All unlockables and secrets revealed, including extra dungeons, bonus art, movie and song galleries, and Cheat Mode! ·Overview of the original Bard's Tale series! ·Extensive interview with the inXile production staff!
9780252008078 Reconstructs the events, relationships, and achievements that marked the life of the black novelist, folklorist, and anthropologist, assessing her important works and commitment to the black folk tradition
"9780684843124 Reissued to coincide with the paperback publication of ""Because They Wanted To"", this captivating novel shimmers with dark intensity and wicked wit. In a stunning synthesis of eroticism, rage, pathos, and humor, Gaitskill's ""fine storyteller's pace and brilliant metaphors"" (""The New York Times Book Review"") create a haunting and unforgettable journey into the dark side of contemporary life and the deepest recesses of the soul."
"9780060973339 A brilliant and insightful work that examines the insecurities of the middle class in an attempt to explain its turn to the right during the past two decades, ""Fear of Falling"" traces the myths about the middle class to their roots in the ambitions and anxieties that torment the group and that have led to its retreat from a responsible leadership role."
"9780836217698 Reprising the wide-open landscape format of, The Days Are Just Packed, Homicidal Psycho Jungle Cat chronicles another segment of the multifarious adventures of this wild child and his faithful, but skeptical, friend. If the best cartoons compel readers to identify themselves within the funny frames, then all who enjoy Calvin and Hobbes are creative, imaginative, and ... bad, bad, bad! Calvin, the irascible little boy with the stuffed tiger who comes to life are a pair bound for trouble. Boring school lessons become occasions for death-defying alien air battles, speeding snow sled descents elicit philosophical discussions on the meaning of life, and Hobbe's natural inclination to pounce on his little friend wreaks havoc on Calvin's sense of security. Calvin's the kid we all wish we'd been. Sassy, imaginative, far more verbal than his parents can manage, Calvin is the quintessential bad boy -- and the boy we love to see. He terrorizes little Susie, offers ""Candid Opinions"" from a neighborhood stand, and questions his parents' authority. ""What assurance do I have that your parenting isn't screwing me up?"" he demands. Calvin and Hobbes manages to say what needs to be said about childhood and life: ""Eww, mud,"" says Calvin. ""Look at this gooshy, dirty, slimy, thick, wet mud ... Bleecch ... Talk about a kid magnet!"""
9781844151455 Mansur Abdulin fought in the front ranks of the Soviet infantry against the German invaders at Stalingrad, Kursk and on the banks of the Dnieper. This is his extraordinary story. His vivid inside view of a ruthless war on the Eastern Front gives a rare insight into the reality of the fighting and into the tactics and mentality of the Soviet army. In his own words, and with a remarkable clarity of recall, he describes what combat was like on the ground, face to face with a skilled, deadly and increasingly desperate enemy.
9781569755662 GET D!RTY Next time you’re traveling or just chattin’ in Italian with your friends, drop the textbook formality and bust out with expressions they never teach you in school, including: *Cool slang *Funny insults *Explicit sex terms *Raw swear words Dirty Italian teaches the casual expressions heard every day on the streets of Italy: What's up? Come va? He's a real hottie. Lui è proprio un figo. This pizza's awesome! Questa pizza è buonissima! I'm totally wasted. Soo sbronzo. I gotta piss. Devo pisciare. Hey ref, you're an asshole! Arbitro cornuto! Wanna do it doggy-style? Lo facciamo alla pecorina?
9780340766163 This is James Clavell's tour-de-force; an epic saga of one Pilot-Major John Blackthorne, and his integration into the struggles and strife of feudal Japan. Both entertaining and incisive, SHOGUN is a stunningly dramatic re-creation of a very different world. Starting with his shipwreck on this most alien of shores, the novel charts Blackthorne's rise from the status of reviled foreigner up to the heights of trusted advisor and eventually, Samurai. All as civil war looms over the fragile country.
9780425210765 Assigned to fly four racing buffs to the track, pilot Matt Shore is forced to make an emergency landing, and he soon finds out that the mob has been tampering with the horseracing industry. Reprint.
9780132197380 Three Genres gives students a basic introduction to fiction/ literary nonfiction, poetry, and drama and helps them to develop their creative skills in each area. Each genre section is self-contained and includes complete works as examples along with helpful advice about how to draw on the variety of techniques they use. The style is informal, practical, and positive. Minot encourages student to draw on their own experiences and develop skills on their own.
"9780345345066 A fantastical anthology of short fiction, poetry, and commentaries by the author of The Lord of the Rings includes ""The Adventures of Tom Bombadil,"" ""Farmer Giles of Ham, and the author's intriguing essay on the art of the fairy story and the treatment of fantasy. Reissue."
9780486414232 Although Oscar Wilde (1854–1900) created a wide range of poetry, essays, and fairy tales (and one novel) in his brief, tragic life, he is perhaps best known as a dramatist. His witty, clever drama, populated by brilliant talkers skilled in the art of riposte and paradox, are still staples of the theatrical repertoire. An Ideal Husband revolves around a blackmail scheme that forces a married couple to reexamine their moral standards — providing, along the way, a wry commentary on the rarity of politicians who can claim to be ethically pure. A supporting cast of young lovers, society matrons, an overbearing father, and a formidable femme fatale continually exchange sparkling repartee, keeping the play moving at a lively pace. ike most of Wilde's plays, this scintillating drawing-room comedy is wise, well-constructed, and deeply satisfying. An instant success at its 1895 debut, the play continues to delight audiences over one hundred years later. An Ideal Husband is a must-read for Wilde fans, students of English literature, and anyone delighted by wit, urbanity, and timeless sophistication.
9780802134103 Chronicles the short life of Edie Sedgwick and her rise to become one of the Warhol superstars, as viewed by her family and such personalities as Capote, Vidal, and Warhol.
9780312420147 S. Jammu, a young, ambitious Indian woman, is sworn in as police chief of St. Louis where the acts of private citizens are monitored and the actions of Martin Probst and his family threaten to destroy her plan. Reprint.
9780521484008 This new collection of Aristotle's political writings provides the student with all the necessary materials for a full understanding of his work as a political scientist. In addition to a revised and extended introduction, this expanded Cambridge Texts edition contains an extensive guide to further reading and an index of names with biographical notes. Presentation of The Politics and The Constitution of Athens in a single volume will make this the most attractive and convenient student edition of these seminal works currently available.
9781857237382 Five years have passed since the cataclysmic events which took place in RUNNING WITH THE DEMON. John Ross, a Knight of the Word, sworn to fight the eternal battle against mankind's demons, has moved on. But his years spent saving mankind from the horror of the Void have taken their toll. He has lost his spirit, his belief and now it seems he has lost his magic. Working in a hostel for homeless children, his life is now spent fighting a battle in which he feels he might make a difference. But Nest Freemark, whose involvement in those events five years ago shattered her childhood, is about to be drawn once more into the mythic world of the Void and the Word. For she learns that John Ross is in great danger from a demon like no other. And if she doesn't warn him in time - and if he isn't persuaded to take up once more his staff of magic - the battle may be lost forever.
"9781573229869 An ancient manuscript called ""The Dream of Scipio"" links three separate centuries--the fifth, the end of the Roman Empire; the fourteenth, the time of the Black Death; and the twentieth during World War II--and three stories of love, all set in Provence."
"9780060519131 Landing a catch like Talmadge Evans III got Eloise ""Weezie"" Foley a jewel of a town house in Savannah's historic district. Divorcing Tal got her exiled to the backyard carriage house, where she has launched a spite-fest with Tal's new fiancÉe, the elegant Caroline DeSantos. An antiques picker, Weezie combs Savannah's steamy back alleys and garage sales for treasures when she's not dealing with her loopy relatives or her hunky ex-boyfriend. But an unauthorized sneak preview at a sale lands Weezie smack in the middle of magnolia-scented murder, mayhem...and more. Dirty deals simmer all around her—just as her relationship with the cutest chef in town heats up and she finds out how delicious love can be the second time around."
9780821778067 A trio of holiday romances features Jane Green's Vacation, in which surburban housewife Sarah, dissatisfied with her marriage, gets a break from her husband when his job sends him to Chicago indefinitely and learns that the grass isn't always greener on the other side. Original.
"9780393321807 Now in paperback, this illuminating work serves as both an introduction to Proust--perhaps Europe's most enduring 20th-century novelist--and a searching reinterpretation of his work, particularly the masterpiece ""In Search of Lost Time""."
9780345302359 Traces the development over milennia of a civilization of an unusual alien species, whose sense of humor, resourceful adaptibility, and metalworking skills are the strengths and the hope of their society
9781563896002 Imagine if every paranoid fantasy, every conspiracy theory, every alleged cover-up and government deception, every tabloid story you've ever heard ...were true. Discover a world where paranoia is a survival skill and the only hope for mankind is a group of unconventional occultist freedom fighters-The Invisibles.
9780099474548 One bitter night in January 1917, five French soldiers are court-martialled and sent into No-Man's Land. Days later, five corpses are given a hasty burial. After the war, the fiancée of one of the men sets out to discover what happened.
9780131935075 This new edition is an authoritative and provides a balanced account of the history of art. It presents art history as an essential part of the development of humankind, encompassing the arts of Asia, Africa, Oceania, Europe, and the Americas-spanning from the primitive art of hunters 30,000 years ago to the most controversial art forms of today.
9780226307657 The Grene and Lattimore edition of the Greek tragedies has been among the most widely acclaimed and successful publications of the University of Chicago Press. On the occasion of the Centennial of the University of Chicago and its Press, we take pleasure in reissuing this complete work in a handsome four-volume slipcased edition as well as in redesigned versions of the familiar paperbacks. For the Centennial Edition two of the original translations have been replaced. In the original publication David Grene translated only one of the three Theban plays, Oedipus the King. Now he has added his own translations of the remaining two, Oedipus at Colonus and Antigone, thus bringing a new unity of tone and style to this group. Grene has also revised his earlier translation of Prometheus Bound and rendered some of the former prose sections in verse. These new translations replace the originals included in the paperback volumes Sophocles I (which contains all three Theban plays), Aeschylus II, Greek Tragedies, Volume I, and Greek Tragedies, Volume III, all of which are now being published in second editions. All other volumes contain the translations of the tragedies of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides for the most part from the original versions first published in the 1940s and 1950s. These translations have been the choice of generations of teachers and students, selling in the past forty years over three million copies.
9780679735779 Patrick Bateman is twenty-six and works on Wall Street; he is handsome, sophisticated, charming and intelligent. He is also a psychopath. American Psycho is a bleak, bitter, black comedy about a world we all recognize but do not wish to face and it takes us to a head-on collision with America's greatest dream - and its worst nightmare.
"9780743499484 In this breathtaking sequel to ""Dead I Well May Be,"" the mercenary Michael Forsythe is forced to infiltrate an Irish terrorist cell on behalf of the FBI, confronting murder, mayhem, and the prospect of his own death."
9780375704055 Describes the author's work with institutionalized patients at Mount Carmel Hospital and the dramatic effects of the drug L-DOPA on twenty patients suffering from encephalitic Parkinsonism
9780141185491 In this novel, Antoine Roquentin, an introspective historian, records the disturbing shifts in his perceptions and his struggle to restore meaning to life in a continuing present and without lies. This is Sartre's first published novel and his first extended essay on existential philosophy.
9780140446043 In 1572 Montaigne retired to his estates in order to devote himself to leisure, reading and reflection. There he wrote his constantly expanding 'essays', inspired by the ideas he found in books from his library and his own experience. He discusses subjects as diverse as war-horses and cannibals, poetry and politics, sex and religion, love and friendship, ecstasy and experience. Above all, Montaigne studied himself to find his own inner nature and that of humanity. The Essays are among the most idiosyncratic and personal works in all literature. An insight into a wise Renaissance mind, they continue to engage, enlighten and entertain modern readers.
9780743258074 Presents a portrait of Benjamin Franklin as a scientist, inventor, diplomat, writer, business strategist, and statesman while tracing his life as one of America's Founding Fathers.
9780525469780 Examines what is known about dinosaur bones, behavior, and other characteristics and how different the facts often are from what scientists, from ancient China to the recent past, believed to be true.
9780140345827 Max finds himself in possession of a time travel device which is eagerly sought by two desperate men, the scientist who invented it and the scientist's alter ego from a different timeline.
9780440241898 Becky Bloomwood is delighted when her boyfriend proposes, but her visions of a perfect wedding day dissolve as her mother plans a backyard wedding and her high-society mother-in-law-to-be insists on a lavish affair at the Plaza Hotel.
9781857152746 The brevity of Muriel Spark's novels is equaled only by their brilliance. These four novels, each a miniature masterpiece, illustrate her development over four decades. Despite the seriousness of their themes, all four are fantastic comedies of manners, bristling with wit. Spark's most celebrated novel, THE PRIME OF MISS JEAN BRODIE, tells the story of a charismatic schoolteacher's catastrophic effect on her pupils. THE GIRLS OF SLENDER MEANS is a beautifully drawn portrait of young women living in a hostel in London in the giddy postwar days of 1945. THE DRIVER'S SEAT follows the final haunted hours of a woman descending into madness. And THE ONLY PROBLEM is a witty fable about suffering that brings the Book of Job to bear on contemporary terrorism. All four novels give evidence of one of the most original and unmistakable voices in contemporary fiction. Characters are vividly etched in a few words; earth-shaking events are lightly touched on. Yet underneath the glittering surface there is an obsessive probing of metaphysical questions: the meaning of good and evil, the need for salvation, the search for significance.
"9780027897500 A Swedish boy long ago accompanies his ... [relatives] fromn their Scandinavian farm to ... Russia in an attempt to earn money by making unusual objects from human hair."" - Book Buyer's Guide."
9780141311401 'Throughout my young days at school and just afterwards, a number of things happened to me that I have never forgotten.' Many remarkable things did happen to Roald Dahl when he was a boy, no doubt providing some of the marvellous ideas for his later books. And, like his stories, Dahl's childhood tales are unmissable.
9781842124024 One of the founding-fathers of science fiction, it is in his short stories that Wells first explored the enormous potential of the scientific discoveries of his age. In this first ever complete collection of his stories, 84 minor miracles of the storyteller's art remind us of the relevance of this greatest of modern dreamers.
9780375726514 A nameless man who chooses to exist in a small cardboard box records life in the box and his observations of the world from its small window as he wanders the streets of Tokyo. By the author of Woman in the Dunes. Reprint. 12,500 first printing.
9780140189445 Charlie Citrine, suffering from steadily worsening troubles with women, career, and life, receives unexpected aid in the form of a belated bequest from his onetime friend and mentor, the poet Von Humboldt Fleisher.
"9780006483908 Jimmy the Hand, boy thief of Krondor, lived in the shadows of the city. Though gifted beyond his peers, Jimmy is merely a pickpocket with potential--until he aids Prince Arutha in the rescue of Princess Anita from Duke Guy du Bas-Tyra, and runs afoul of ""Black Guy's"" secret police. Facing a choice between disappearing on his own or in a weighted barrel at the bottom of Krondor's harbor, Jimmy chooses the former. Forced to flee the only home he's ever known, Jimmy finds himself among the unsuspecting rural villagers of Land's End, where he hopes to prosper with his talents for con and thievery. But Land's End is home to many who tread the crooked path--and to a dark, dangerous presence even the local smugglers don't recognize. And suddenly Jimmy's youthful bravado and courage are leading him into the maw of chaos . . . and, quite possibly, to his doom."
9780006499169 This tale begins with Jack Aubrey arriving home from his exploits in the Mediterranean to find England at peace following the Treaty of Amiens. He and his friend Stephen Maturin, surgeon and secret agent, begin to live the lives of country gentlemen, hunting, entertaining and enjoying more amorous adventures. Their comfortable existence, however, is cut short when Jack is overnight reduced to a pauper with enough debts to keep him in prison for life. He flees to the continent to seek refuge: instead he finds himself a hunted fugitive as Napoleon has ordered the internment of all Englishmen in France. Aubrey's adventures in escaping from France and the debtors' prison will grip the reader as fast as his unequalled actions at sea.
9780465003129 A fascinating description of a treasure trove of secret documents found by the FBI offers facts about every country in the world, as well as information that contributes to the history of the last century. Reprint. 60,000 first printing.
"9780140244915 ""Presented with extraordinary lucidity, cogency and panache...Powerful and gripping...To have read [the book] is to have consulted a first draft of the structural plan of the human psyche...a glittering tour de force"" - Spectator ""Why do memories fade? Why do we lose our tempers? Why do fools fall in love? Pinker's objective in this erudite account is to explore the nature and history of the human mind...He explores computations and evolutions, and then considers how the mind lets us ""see, think, feel, interact, and pursue higher callings like art, religion and philosophy"" - Sunday Times"
"9780486264738 Two classics in one volume: ""Bartleby,"" a disturbing moral allegory set in 19th-century New York, and ""Benito Cereno,"" a gripping sea adventure that probes the nature of man's depravity."
9780345478252 Joe Pitt’s life sucks. He hasn’t had a case or a job in God knows how long and his stashes are running on empty. What stashes? The only ones that count to a guy like Joe: blood and money. The money he uses to buy blood; the blood he drinks. Hey, buddy, it’s that or your neck–you want to choose? The only way to lay his hands on both is to take a gig with the local Vampyre Clan. See, something new is on the streets, a new high, a high so strong it can send a Vampyre spazzing through Joe’s local watering hole. Till Joe sends him through a plate-glass window, that is. So it’s time for Joe to gut up and swallow that pride and follow the leads wherever they go. It won’t be long before he’s slapping stoolies, getting sapped, and being taken for a ride above 110th Street. Someone’s pulling Joe’s strings, and now he’s riding the A train, looking to find who it is. He’s gonna cut them when he finds them–the strings and the hands that hold them.
9781890771485 This volume is a collection of primary documents of the writings of early California settlers. Taking the point of view of the Indians, settlers, missionaries, soldiers, and others who lived there, the editors offer letters, reports, reminiscences, and other documents that tell the inside story of California before the Gold Rush, from the time the Spanish arrived in the 1530s until the end of California's experience as a territory in the Mexican republic in the 1840s. This work is illustrated with maps, portraits, sketches, and early photographs as well as seven color plates of drawings depicting plant and animal life made by an 18th-century Czech priest.
9780440238195 When her father commands that she produce an heir, the huntress Atalanta gives her suitors a seemingly impossible task in order to uphold her pledge of chastity, as the gods of ancient Greece look on.
9780753819920 'My father died eleven years ago. I was only four then. I never thought I'd hear from him again, but now we're writing a book together' To Georg Røed, his father is no more than a shadow, a distant memory. But then one day his grandmother discovers some pages stuffed into the lining of an old red pushchair. The pages are a letter to Georg, written just before his father died, and a story, 'The Orange Girl'. But 'The Orange Girl' is no ordinary story - it is a riddle from the past and centres around an incident in his father's youth. One day he boarded a tram and was captivated by a beautiful girl standing in the aisle, clutching a huge paper bag of luscious-looking oranges. Suddenly the tram gave a jolt and he stumbled forward, sending the oranges flying in all directions. The girl simply hopped off the tram leaving Georg's father with arms full of oranges. Now, from beyond the grave, he is asking his son to help him finally solve the puzzle of her identity.
9780515122497 FBI Special Agent Dillon Savich teams up with new agent Lacey Sherlock in a case that leads them back to the murder of Sherlock's sister seven years ago-and put both their lives on the line.
9780743272094 Presents a guide for singles that explains how to find the right person and how to sustain a loving, committed relationship, offering helpful advice on the world of dating, emotional differences, and online romance.
9780679762706 On a high-speed train hurtling through the near future, three passengers come together--Handel, an ex-priest-turned-surgeon whose humanity is sacrificed to intellect; Picasso, an outcast woman comforted only by her painting; and Sappho, the lesbian poet. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
"9780765309044 Lanik Mueller's birthright as heir to planet Treason's most powerful rulership will never be realized. He is a ""rad"" -- radical regenerative. A freak among people who can regenerate injured flesh... and trade extra body parts to the Offworld oppressors for iron. For, on a planet without hard metals -- or the means of escape -- iron is power in the race to build a spacecraft. Iron is the promise of freedom -- which may never be fulfilled as Lanik uncovers a treacherous conspiracy beyond his imagination. Now charged with a mission of conquest -- and exile -- Lanik devises a bold and dangerous plan... a quest that may finally break the vicious chain of rivalry and bloodshed that enslaves the people of Treason as the Offworld never could."
"9780679832690 Although P.J. and his friends refuse to let Donna and Honey Bunny go camping with them because ""camping is not for girls, "" the girls follow and get proof that camping is hard work even for boys."
9780385731058 When teenager Carmen and her three friends discover that a pair of worn jeans from a thrift shop provides an uncanny fit for all four of them, they decide to form a sisterhood, with the pants as the symbolic bond of friendship among them, and embark on asweet-sixteen summer.
9780192833600 Provides a modern verse translation of the story of a group of pilgrims who pass the time during their journey by telling each other tales
9780738539560 Orion Township, established in 1835, became a prosperous agrarian and resort community by the beginning of the 20th century. The village of Lake Orion developed as the center of commerce for township residents and a summer community of tourists and revivalists. Passenger boats and an amusement park popularized Lake Orion as a vacation destination with hotels and summer cottages. Suburban development has since transformed the landscape, but township signposts proudly display a vestige of the past: Orion Township, where living is a vacation. Orion Township, established in 1835, became a prosperous agrarian and resort community by the beginning of the 20th century. The village of Lake Orion developed as the center of commerce for township residents and a summer community of tourists and revivalists. Passenger boats and an amusement park popularized Lake Orion as a vacation destination with hotels and summer cottages. Suburban development has since transformed the landscape, but township signposts proudly display a vestige of the past: Orion Township, where living is a vacation.
"9781400077274 Explores the complex lives of five very different men, including Xan Meo, a one-time familial paragon who suffers a personality change following a brutal assault, and King Henry IX of England, whose life is complicated by his incapacitated wife, his Chinese mistress, and his fifteen-year-old daughter, the victim of a filmed ""intrusion"" because of her future role as Queen of England. Reprint. 30,000 first printing."
"9780060735425 In Christopher Moore's ingenious debut novel, we meet one of the most memorably mismatched pairs in the annals of literature. The good-looking one is one-hundred-year-old ex-seminarian and ""roads"" scholar Travis O'Hearn. The green one is Catch, a demon with a nasty habit of eating most of the people he meets. Behind the fake Tudor façade of Pine Cove, California, Catch sees a four-star buffet. Travis, on the other hand, thinks he sees a way of ridding himself of his toothy traveling companion. The winos, neo-pagans, and deadbeat Lotharios of Pine Cove, meanwhile, have other ideas. And none of them is quite prepared when all hell breaks loose."
9780761512196 Offers advice on dealing with rejection, recruiting others, managing one's downline, maintaining focus and enthusiasm, conducting home meetings, and easing from a profession to full-time network marketing
9780142180099 The lives of Gertrude Openshaw and Anne Cavidge become entangled with the lives of an interesting array of people, including Count, a lonely Pole; Manfred North, a wealthy banker; and Tim Reade, a penniless painter. Reprint.
9780915811236 An old man named Socrates shows Danny that the best way of dealing with a bully is the way of the peaceful warrior, through courage and love.
9780141303352 More amazing adventures with Mr Majeika, the ex-wizard, turned teacher, and his class at St Barty's School. This time there's a trip down a magic river, a battle to save St Barty's from the wrecking ball, and work experience for Class Three.
9780060891565 An ambassador of the tenth-century Caliph of Bagdad is carried off by the Norsemen to endure, for three years, the harshness of their way of life and the creatures that terrorize them.
9780006486145 Gareth is just a frightened young lad when he is drafted in to be the whipping-boy for the unruly Prince Dagnarus. Yet as they grow to be men, an unshakable bond is formed. And it is their destiny for them to become the two most powerful - and feared - men in the kingdom. But when Dagnarus decides to become a knight himself, he begins a chain of evil events that threaten to destroy the entire kingdom. Only by uniting the Sovereign Stone can peace be restored, and it is up to Dagnarus' brother Helmos to try to achieve this impossible task, using his father's soldiers against his brother's army. All the while, Gareth is gaining mastery over the sinister Void magic, and he is devoted to helping his childhood companion.. This gripping story of magical power and corruption takes the unique viewpoint of focusing on the evil characters, as we follow them from boys to men. Filled with action, suspense and wonderfully imaginative characters, Water From the Well of Darkness is set to elevate the careers of bestselling authors Weis & Hickman to spectacular new heights.
9780439785969 When Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince opens, the war against Voldemort has begun. The Wizarding world has split down the middle, and as the casualties mount, the effects even spill over onto the Muggles. Dumbledore is away from Hogwarts for long periods, and the Order of the Phoenix has suffered grievous losses. And yet, as in all wars, life goes on. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, having passed their O.W.L. level exams, start on their specialist N.E.W.T. courses. Sixth-year students learn to Apparate, losing a few eyebrows in the process. Teenagers flirt and fight and fall in love. Harry becomes captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, while Draco Malfoy pursues his own dark ends. And classes are as fascinating and confounding as ever, as Harry receives some extraordinary help in Potions from the mysterious Half-Blood Prince. Most importantly, Dumbledore and Harry work together to uncover the full and complex story of a boy once named Tom Riddle—the boy who became Lord Voldemort. Like Harry, he was the son of one Muggle-born and one Wizarding parent, raised unloved, and a speaker of Parseltongue. But the similarities end there, as the teenaged Riddle became deeply interested in the Dark objects known as Horcruxes: objects in which a wizard can hide part of his soul, if he dares splinter that soul through murder. Harry must use all the tools at his disposal to draw a final secret out of one of Riddle’s teachers, the sly Potions professor Horace Slughorn. Finally Harry and Dumbledore hold the key to the Dark Lord’s weaknesses... until a shocking reversal exposes Dumbledore’s own vulnerabilities, and casts Harry’s—and Hogwarts’s—future in shadow.
9780142003343 In a study of the nature versus nurture debate, one of the world's foremost experts on language and the mind explores the modern self-denial of our basic human natures.
9780679737315 Records Lincoln's campaigns for public office, the evolution of his stand against slavery, his debates with Stephen Douglas, and the great addresses of his presidency
9781933440170 Chinese crime lord Fei Long comes to Japan hoping to lure freelance photographer Akihito into his web of intrigue and sex. When his friends fall for Fei Long's schemes, Akihito has only one person to turn to for help--Asami, the Yakuza boss who once made Akihito his sex slave.
9780967469782 While the notion that “happiness can found within oneself” has recently become popular, Buddhism has taught for thousands of years that every person is a Buddha, or enlightened being, and has the potential for true and lasting happiness. Through real-life examples, the authors explain how adopting this outlook has positive effects on one’s health, relationships, and career, and gives new insights into world environmental concerns, peace issues, and other major social problems.
9780448437439 Chronicles the life of the president who saw America through the Cuban Missile Crisis, established the Peace Corps, and was assassinated during his first term.
9780553286397 Wolf Haas' Detective Brenner series has become wildly popular around the world for a reason: They're timely, edgy stories told in a wry, quirky voice that's often hilarious, and with a protagonist it's hard not to love. In this episode, Brenner-forced out of the police force-tries to get away from detective work by taking a job as the personal chauffeur for two-year-old Helena, the daughter of a Munich construction giant and a Viennese abortion doctor. One day, while Brenner's attention is turned to picking out a chocolate bar for Helena at a gas station, Helena gets snatched from the car. Abruptly out of a job, Brenner decides to investigate her disappearance on his own. With both parents in the public eye, there's no scarcity of leads-the father's latest development project has spurred public protest, and the mother's clinic has been targeted by the zealous leader of an anti-abortion group. Brenner and God is told with a dark humor that leaves no character, including Brenner, unscathed. Haas tells the story of a fallible hero who can be indecisive and world-weary, baffled and disillusioned by what he finds, but who presses forward nonetheless out of a stubborn sense of decency-a two-year-old is kidnapped, so you find her, because that's just what you do.
9780375507151 Interweaving personal reminiscences and investigative journalism, describes the author's journey--in the wake of his grief over a close relative's suicide--to Beachy Head, England, one of the most popular suicide spots in the world.
"9780374253844 Floria Aemilia, a concubine to St. Augustine for more than ten years prior to his spiritual awakening, challenges St. Augustine's view of women and love as described in his ""Confessions,"" in a fictional letter addressing faith, doubt, and human relationships"
9780439569729 416 bright, colorful pages that give kids practice in the skills every 4th grader needs to be successful. Includes addition and subtraction, multiplication and division, fractions and decimals, problem solving, number concepts, reading comprehension, writing, grammar, maps, and lots more. For use with Grade 4.
"9781595821065 Granny Viper is a ""people finder,"" a searcher for lost souls along the roads of a forbidding wasteland. Her latest mission: the safe return of a young woman named Tae, kidnapped eight years ago by vampire Nobility and held in Castle Gradinia on the Frontier's far border. But rescuing Tae is only half the battle--Viper knows she and the girl can't cross the formidable expanse to the town of Barnabas alone. After making the fatal mistake of hiring the mercenary Bullow Brothers to help her, Granny turns to the legendary Vampire Hunter D for salvation. As they traverse the bleak desert between the Inner and Outer Frontier, the two women and D find themselves in a race for their lives. And they soon discover how cruel the desert is--and how very ruthless the Bullow Brothers are . . . * Features six illustrations by the renowned Yoshitaka Amano, illustrator of Neil Gaiman's Sandman: The Dream Hunters."
9780806523705 Tracing the history of the papacy from ancient times to the present day, this illuminating study features detailed profiles of each pope, describing the events of their reign, their role in relation to Catholic doctrine, their accomplishments and failures, and other aspects of each man who ruled the Vatican.
9781582433226 A witty, beleaguered teenager whose family is shattered by fundamentalist Christianity balances grief and hope in this coming-of-age novel. Left alone with her sad, peculiar father, she spends her days piecing together why her mother and sister left.
9780231138765 Praised for its rare combination of scholarly rigor and imaginative interpretation, Nietzsche and Philosophy has long been recognized as one of the most important analyses of Nietzsche. It is also one of the best introductions to Deleuze's thought, establishing many of his central philosophical positions. In Nietzsche and Philosophy, Deleuze identifies and explores three crucial concepts in Nietzschean thought-multiplicity, becoming, and affirmation-and clarifies Nietzsche's views regarding the will to power, eternal return, nihilism, and difference. For Deleuze, Nietzsche challenged conventional philosophical ideas and provided a means of escape from Hegel's dialectical thinking, which had come to dominate French philosophy. He also offered a path toward a politics of difference. In this new edition, Michael Hardt's foreword examines the profound influence of Deleuze's provocative interpretations on the study of Nietzsche, which opened a whole new avenue in postwar thought.
9780689833762 Knock, knock. Who's there? Someone with sad underwear. Sad underwear? How can that be? When my best friend's mad at me, Everything is sad. Even my underwear. Only Judith Viorst, with the perfect pitch for the trials of childhood that has made her Alexander books modern classics, could create an ode to melancholy unmentionables. But the title poem is just one of the many pleasures in this collection, which bursts with wit and understanding -- and the occasional poignant note. Sure to delight readers of Shel Silverstein and Jack Prelutsky, as well as Viorst's own legions of fans, Sad Underwear is a perfect companion volume to her celebrated If I Were In Charge of the World.
9780060837556 A saga of three generations of the indomitable Cleary family begins in the early 1900s when Paddy Cleary, a poor New Zealand farm laborer, moves his wife and children to the Australian sheep station owned by his wealthy sister, in a new edition of the classic novel of forbidden love between young Meggie Cleary and Father Ralph de Bricassart. Reprint. 15,000 first printing.
9780312348649 Having agreed from the start of their relationship that they did not want children, Claudia and Ben find their previously idyllic marriage tested when Ben realizes that he wants to be a father after all. By the author of Something Borrowed and Something Blue. 300,000 first printing.
"9780813520186 At the turn of the century, short stories by -- and often about -- ""New Women"" flooded the pages English and American magazines such as the Atlantic Monthly, Harpers, and the Yellow Book. This daring new fiction, often innovative in form and courageous in its candid representations of female sexuality, marital discontent, and feminist protest, shocked Victorian critics, who denounced the authors as ""literary degenerates"" or ""erotomaniacs."" This collection brings together twenty of the most original and important stories from this period. The writers included in this highly readable volume are Kate Chopin, Victoria Cross, George Egerton, Julia Constance Fletcher, Charlotte Perkins Gilman, Sarah Grand, Vernon Lee, Ada Leverson, Charlotte Mew, Olive Schreiner, Edith Wharton, Constance Fenimore Woolson, and Mabel E. Wotton. As Elaine Showalter shows in her introduction, the short fiction of the Fin-de-Siecle is the missing link between the Golden Age of Victorian women writers and the new era of feminist modernism. Elaine Showalter is a professor of English at Princeton University. She is the author of A Literature of Their Own, The Female Malady, and other books, and editor of Alternative Alcott, a volume in the American Women Writers Series"
9781581807592 Discover the fast, fun art of drawing comic portraits! Face Off shows you how to draw life like never before. Caricaturist Harold Hamernik shares the secrets to capturing the sillier side of friends, family, celebrities, strangers—any face that crosses your path. 40 step-by-step demonstrations show you how to sketch whimsical and expressive likenesses while developing your own quick, loose, improvisational style. You'll get expert instruction on: Drawing eyes, noses, mouths and other features. Creating portraits in front, three-quarter and profile views. Adding color to your caricatures, either by hand or via computer—instruction you won't find in any other book! Tips for making a likeness more masculine (skip the eyelashes), more feminine (lengthen the neck), younger, older, sexier, goofier—all while making a portrait your subject will love. How to draw hair as two simple lines, why drawing the parts of a face in the same order every time can cut minutes off your work, and tons of other handy tricks of the craft! Practice the simple techniques in this book, then start drawing! It's the most fun you can have with paper, pencils and markers!
9780751533118 Dearest Raye,' Decima had written...'I'm writing to ask if you can possibly come up to Ruthven for a few days. My twenty-first birthday falls next Sunday, and it would be such a relief if you could stay until after the celebration dinner party which Charles is giving for me on Saturday night. Please come, Raye. I may be behaving very stupidly by panicking like this, but I would feel so much less frightened if I knew you were beside me at Ruthven till after midnight on Saturday...' Dependable Rachel Lord hasn't heard from her friend Decima for over two years when out of the blue she is invited to Ruthven, the fairy tale Scottish castle that Decima will inherit on her coming of age. Her arrival is met with relief by Decima who is convinced her husband, Charles, means her harm. Is Decima in her right mind? Or is Rachel being duped by her worldlier friend? As the eve of the 21st birthday celebration approaches, a shocking event leaves Rachel in no doubt.
9780415247719 'Moby Dick' is one of the great American novels. This literary sourcebook contains everything essential to an informed reading of this epic text, including a contextual overview, contemporary documents, early critical reviews and important annotated passages from the novel.
9780822013549 A true innovation for the stage, Waiting for Godot is one of the greatest successes of the Theater of the Absurd. Although the subject and play is bleak in appearance, a semblance of nobility emerges as the two characters maintain hope. This volume also covers Endgame, All That Fall, Act Without Words I, and Krapp's Last Tape.
9780226142692 A biographical tour de force on one of the 20th century's bravest civil rights champions. Critically heralded American historian D'Emilio brings Bayard Rustin out of the shadows of the past to tell the story of a man who was a victim of homophobic prejudice.
9780425197493 Making a bargain with the goddess Demeter to save herself from financial ruin, bakery owner Lina is transformed into Persephone, the Goddess of Spring, and must restore order to the Underworld, but her attraction to Hades endangers her mission. Original.
9780345479457 As a mad arsonist known as an Enfer scheme terrorizes the inhabitants of Gotham City, a fire at Arkham Asylum is engineered to provide an escape opportunity for its most infamous inmate, the Joker, who comes up with a scheme to launch the ultimate crime wave, disguised as the Caped Crusader himself. Original.
9780060598891 Her tall, dark, and deliciously dangerous boss . . . When the delightful, daffy Dog Lady of station WZZZ offered to take on the temporary job of traffic reporter, Steve Crow tried to think of reasons to turn Daisy Adams down. Perhaps he knew that sharing the close quarters of a car with her for hours would give the handsome program director no room to resist her quirky charms. He'd always favored low-slung sportscars and high-heeled women, but that was before he fell for a free spirit who caught crooks by accident, loved old people and pets, and had just too many jobs! Loving Daisy turned Steve's life upside down, especially once he adopted Bob, a huge dog masquerading as a couch potato. But was Daisy finally ready to play for keeps?
9780099276494 The Risk Pool is a thirty-year journey through the lives of Sam Hall, a small-town gambling hellraiser, and his watchful, introspective son Ned. When Ned's mother Jenny suffers a breakdown and retreats from her husband's carelessness into a dream world, Ned becomes part of his father's seedy nocturnal world, touring the town's bars and pool halls, struggling to win Sam's affections while avoiding his sins.
9780849918728 The author of One Minute Manager, one of the world's most popular management methods, introduces principles for effective leadership that focus on Jesus as a role model, aligning four internal and external domains--the heart, the head, the hands, and the habits.
9780802839725 Foreword by Patrick D. Miller In this remarkable, acclaimed history of the development of monotheism, Mark S. Smith explains how Israel's religion evolved from a cult of Yahweh as a primary deity among many to a fully defined monotheistic faith with Yahweh as sole god. Repudiating the traditional view that Israel was fundamentally different in culture and religion from its Canaanite neighbors, this provocative book argues that Israelite religion developed, at least in part, from the religion of Canaan. Drawing on epigraphic and archaeological sources, Smith cogently demonstrates that Israelite religion was not an outright rejection of foreign, pagan gods but, rather, was the result of the progressive establishment of a distinctly separate Israelite identity. This thoroughly revised second edition ofThe Early History of God includes a substantial new preface by the author and a foreword by Patrick D. Miller.
9781860469015 In early eighteenth-century Lisbon, Baltasar, a soldier who has lost his left hand in battle, falls in love with Blimunda, a young girl with visionary powers. From the day that he follows her home from the auto-da-fe where her mother is burned at the stake, the two are bound body and soul by love of an unassailable strength. A third party shares their supper that evening: Padre Bartolomeu Lourenco, whose fantasy is to invent a flying machine. As the Crown and the Church clash, they purse his impossible, not to mention heretical, dream of flight.
9780060654856 Having embraced a life of solitude in his own hermitage, Thomas Merton finds his faith tested beyond his imagination when a visit to the hospital leads to a clandestine affair of the heart. Jolted out of his comfortable routine, Merton is forced to reassess his need for love and his commitment to celibacy and the monastic vocation.This astonishing volume traces Merton’s struggle to reconcile his unexpected love with his sacred vows while continuing to grapple with the burning social issues of the day – including racial conflicts, the war in Vietnam, and the Arab-Israeli conflict – visiting and corresponding with high-profile friends like Thich Nhat Hanh and Joan Baez, and further developing his writing career. Revealing Merton to be ‘very human’ in his chronicles of the ecstasy and torment of being in love, Learning to Love comes full circle as Merton recommits himself completely and more deeply to his vocation even as he recognizes ‘my need for love, my loneliness, my inner division, the struggle in which solitude is at once a problem and a ‘solution’. And perhaps not a perfect solution either’ (11 May, 1967).
9781416521105 Mercedes Lackey and Rosemary Edghill are the biggest names in the urban fantasy subgenre¿where elves, banshees, trolls, and even stranger creatures walk modern city streets, their presence, and even their existence unsuspected by the human inhabitants. Now these two present a volume of all new urban fantasy, with a stellar lineup of the best new fantasy writers, such as Roberta Gellis, Dave Freer and Eric Flint, Diana Paxton, and more¿including two new stories and an afterword by Mercedes Lackey herself, as well as a story by Rosemary Edghill. This is an indispensable volume for fans of urban fantasy in general, and the thousands of fans of Mercedes Lackey in particular.
9781590171707 In Dime-Store Alchemy, poet Charles Simic refects on the life and work of Joseph Cornell, the maverick surrealist who is one of America’s great artists. Simic’s spare prose is as enchanting and luminous as the mysterious boxes of found objects for which Cornell is justly renowned. In a work that is in various degrees biography, criticism, and sheer poetry, Simic tells the story of Cornell’s life and illuminates the hermetic mysteries of his extraordinary boxes–objects in which private obsessions were alchemically transformed into enduring works of art. Simic sees Cornell’s work as exemplifying a distinctively American aesthetic, open to the world, improvisatory, at once homemade and universal, modest and teasing and profound. Full of unexpected riches, Dime-Store Alchemy is both an entrancing meditation on the nature of art and a perfect introduction to a major American artist by one of his peers–a book that can be perused at length or dipped into at leisure again and again.
"9780505523242 In a time when the male species is extinct, Fortune MacDonald's talents as a ""man-maker"" are extremely valuable, but when a seemingly perfect specimen turns up in her bed, she wonders if there is more to their love than physical pleasure. Original."
9780816643004 Focusing on 'filth' in literary & cultural materials from London, Paris & their colonial outposts in the 19th & early 20th centuries, the essays in this volume range over topics from the building of sewers to the fictional representation of labouring women as polluting.
9780380803279 Saved by a mage's intervention from certain death, Kaspar, the evil Duke of Olasko, is lord no more -- reduced to an exile's existence and forced to wander the harshest realms of the world he once enslaved. Merciless deserts, forbidding mountains, and vast oceans now separate the once powerful despot from his former seat of power -- his dark dreams of vengeance overwhelmed by the daily struggle for survival. But there is a larger drama that will entangle the broken dictator. An evil devastating and deadly seeks entrance to the land -- the mystical tool of a dark empire hungry for conquest and destruction -- and Kaspar has inadvertently discovered the key. Suddenly, Midkemia's last hope is a disgraced and exiled duke whose history is written in blood, and who now must wield his sword as her champion . . . if he so chooses..
9781595821072 A girl's dying wish sends D on an impossible quest in this riveting prose novel. Even a reluctant hero can't refuse the last request of a beautiful woman. On her deathbed, the mortally wounded woman gives him a strange gem and asks him to deliver the priceless stone to her sister, far off in a North Sea fishing village. D's journey is made ever more perilous by a series of scoundrels and rogues hired by the girl's murderer. They'll stop at nothing to claim the jewel. Will they catch him? Hideyuki Kikuchi's crackling narrative and Yoshitaka Amano's imaginative artwork make this a must-read entry in the series.
9781593076405 Thousands of years before Luke Skywalker would destroy the Death Star in that fateful battle above Yavin 4, one lone Padawan would become a fugitive hunted by his own Masters, charged with murdering every one of his fellow Jedi-in-training! From criminals hiding out in the treacherous undercity of the planet Taris, to a burly, mysterious droid recovered from the desolate landscape of a cratered moon, Padawan Zayne Carrick will find unexpected allies in his desperate race to clear his name before the unmerciful authorities enact swift retribution upon him! • Collects Knights of the Old Republic #0-#6. • Set during the era of the smash-hit video games, Knights of the Old Republic features all-new characters in an action-packed adventure essential to any serious Star Wars devotee and the perfect introduction for anyone interested in exploring the universe beyond the movies!
9781582406930 Detective Richard Fell is transferred over the bridge from the big city to Snowtown, a collapsing urban trashzone. In a place where nothing seems to make any sense, Fell clings to the one thing he knows to be true: everybody's hiding something.
9780763626150 Judy is excited about becoming a doctor, especially when Class 3T starts a new unit on the human body, but she learns more about being a patient when she catches tonsillitis from her little brother, Stink. Reprint. 75,000 first printing.
9780312306342 Receiving simultaneous caches of love letters and hate mail, Connie Rosolli enlists the aid of Lula, Grandma Mazur, and the enigmatic Diesel when she becomes suspicious that her secret admirer and stalker are the same person. By the author of Twelve Sharp. 1,250,000 first printing.
9780295979847 A lost chapter of both California labor history and the Asian American experience are eloquently brought to light in Philip Vera Cruz’s oral memoir. This account of an exceptional leader explores the unacknowledged role of Filipino laborers in the creation of the United Farm Workers union.
9780345461674 The factions in the embattled Commonwealth must come together to battle not only the predatory alien species, the Prime, but also the Starflyer, a mysterious and undetectable alien with irresistible mind-control abilities.
9780380794874 In a remarkable debut novel that sizzles with sensuality, crackles with life-affirming energy and moves the reader to laughter and tears, author Pearl Cleage creates a world rich in character, human drama, and deep, compassionate understanding. After a decade of luxe living in Atlanta, Ava Johnson has returned to tiny Idlewild, Michigan -- her fabulous career and power plans smashed to bits on one dark truth: Ava has tested positive for HIV. Bur rather than a sorrowful end, her homecoming is a new beginning. Because, in the ten-plus years since she left, all the problems of the big city have invaded the sleepy community of her childhood. Because dear friends and family sorely need her help in the face of impending trouble and tragedy, and Ava cannot turn her back on them. And because, most importantly, Ava Johnson is inexplicabley and undeniably falling in love.
9780553243567 Suffering from feelings of loneliness and abandonment since her father's death and her sister's marriage, Kari Langtree is afraid to give her heart to the boy she meets on her Caribbean cruise.
9780976072614 This complete edition of Caesar's Commentaries contains all eight of Caesar's books on the Gallic War as well as all three of his books on the Civil War masterfully translated into English by W. A. MacDevitt. Caesar's Commentaries are an outstanding account of extraordinary events by one of the most exceptional men in the history of the world. Julius Caesar himself was one of the most eminent writers of the age in which he lived. His commentaries on the Gallic and Civil Wars are written with a purity, precision, and perspicuity, which command approbation. They are elegant without affectation, and beautiful without ornament. Of the two books which he composed on Analogy, and those under the title of Anti-Cato, scarcely any fragment is preserved; but we may be assured of the justness of the observations on language, which were made by an author so much distinguished by the excellence of his own compositions. His poem entitled The Journey, which was probably an entertaining narrative, is likewise totally lost. All of Caesar's works that remain intact are contained in this edition of his commentaries. It is to the honor of Caesar, that when he had obtained the supreme power, he exercised it with a degree of moderation beyond what was generally expected by those who had fought on the side of the Republic. His time was almost entirely occupied with public affairs, in the management of which, though he employed many agents, he appears to have had none in the character of actual minister. Caesar deprecated a lingering death, and wished that his own might be sudden and speedy. And the day before he died, the conversation at supper, in the house of Marcus Lepidus, turning upon what wasthe most eligible way of dying, he gave his opinion in favor of a death that is sudden and unexpected. He died in the fifty-sixth year of his age, and was ranked amongst the Gods.
9780345443601 Heir to the throne of Faerie, Private Investigator Meredith Gentry faces unforeseen enemies and must summon magical powers to battle the evil that threatens to devour her.
9781401211349 Presents a practical guide that addresses many of the tough issues teens and parents face, and offers advice to maintaining a positive dialogue that fostered mutual respect.
9780451150653 Salem's Lot, is the story of a mundane town under siege from the forces of darkness. Considered one of the most terrifying vampire novels ever written, it cunningly probes the shadows of the human heart, and the insular evils of small-town America.
9780517146484 A complete and accessible concordance to the legends, history, languages, and people of J. R. R. Tolkien's imaginative Middle-earth provides a fan's reference to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings.
9781416908166 When sixteen-year-old Jason Bock and his friends create their own religion to worship the town's water tower, what started out as a joke begins to take on a power of its own.
"9780571202119 ""Set in the changing world of the 1960s, the motion picture Girl Interrupted is the searing story of Susanna, a young woman who finds herself at a mental institution for troubled young women. Susanna's 'short rest', prescribed by a psychiatrist she had met just once, becomes a strange journey into Alice's Wonderland, as she spends nearly a year both struggling and flirting with the thin line between 'normal' and 'crazy'. Susanna soon realizes how hard it is to get out once she's been committed, and ultimately she has to choose between the world of those who belong on the inside - such as the seductive and dangerous Lisa - and those who can engage with the reality of the outside world."" ""This volume includes storyboards and a discussion by the film's director James Mangold about the film-making process by which this screenplay by James Mangold and Lisa Loomer and Anna Hamilton Phelan was transferred to the screen.""--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved"
9781593076276 Luke Skywalker confronts the legacy of the Jedi father he never knew in an epic story involving Princess Leia, Darth Vader, and the fate of an entire planet! When Luke and Leia travel to Jabiim recruiting allies for the fledgling Rebellion, they unwittingly set into motion events that will ignite one man's betrayal of his people, pit rebel hero against rebel hero, and attract the attention of the Empire's deadliest enforcer-Darth Vader! • This action-packed tale sheds new light on Anakin Skywalker's actions at the Battle of Jabiim during the Clone Wars.
9781885972101 The Essential Guide opens the door to the darkly resplendent worlds of the Left Hand Path. Part philosophical treatise, part ontological stand-up comedy, and part magical practicum, this book makes clear what many other books have only hinted at. For people with wit and perseverance, this book is a training manual for super-men and women. Don Webb has been a practitioner of the Left hand path since the 1970s. He is the former High Priest of the Temple of Set, the world's largest Left Hand Path organization, and the author of the best-selling Seven Faces of Darkness.
9781841957180 The author of Oranges are Not the Only Fruit and The Passion: Written on the Body rewrites the myth of Atlas and Hercules, finding new meaning in this ancient tale. 75,000 first printing. $100,000 ad/promo.
9780441317486 Mr. Fisk Centers buys real estate on Mars, where he drives a supersonic car in a suicide race and visits a robot mortician for a sample embalming. Reprint.
9780060736255 Fifteen years ago Francesca Lia Block made a dazzling entrance into the literary scene with what would become one of the most talked-about books of the decade: Weetzie Bat. This poetic roller coaster swoop has a sleek new design to match its new sister and brother books, Goat Girls and Beautiful Boys. Rediscover the magic of Weetzie Bat, Ms. Blocks sophisticated, slinkster-cool love song to L.A.the book that shattered the standard, captivated readers of all generations, and made Francesca Lia Block one of the most heralded authors of the last decade.
"9780060731304 Marian Keyes has introduced readers to the lives, loves, and foibles of the five Walsh sisters -- Claire, Maggie, Rachel, Helen, and Anna -- and their crazy mammy. In this funny, heartbreaking, and triumphant new tale set in the Big Apple, it's Anna's turn in the spotlight. Life is perfect for Anna Walsh. She has the ""Best Job in the World"" as a PR exec for a top-selling urban beauty brand, a lovely apartment in New York, and a perfect husband -- the love of her life, Aidan Maddox. Until the morning she wakes up in her mammy's living room in Dublin with stitches in her face, a dislocated knee, and completely smashed-up hands -- and no memory of how she got there. While her mammy plays nursemaid (just like all of her favorite nurses on her soaps), and her sister Helen sits in wet hedges doing her private investigator work for Lucky Star PI, Anna tries to get better and keeps wondering why Aidan won't return her phone calls or e-mails. Recuperating from her injuries, a mystified Anna returns to Manhattan. Slowly beginning to remember what happened, she sets off on a search to find Aidan -- a hilarious quest involving lilies (she can't stop smelling them), psychics, mediums, and anyone in the city who can promise her a reunion with her beloved. . . . Written in her classic style, marrying the darker parts of life with humor and wit, Anybody Out There? is Marian Keyes's best novel to date, a wonderfully charming look at love here and ever after."
"9780814727010 with a new introduction by ERIC J. HOBSBAWM ""Very usefully pulls the key passages from Gramsci's writings into one volume, which allows English-language readers an overall view of his work. Particularly valuable are the connections it draws across his work and the insights which the introduction and glossary provide into the origin and development of some key Gramscian concepts."" --Stuart Hall, Professor of Sociology, Open University The most complete one-volume collection of writings by one of the most fascinating thinkers in the history of Marxism, The Antonio Gramsci Reader fills the need for a broad and general introduction to this major figure. Antonio Gramsci was one of the most important theorists of class, culture, and the state since Karl Marx. In the U.S., where his writings were long unavailable, his stature has lately so increased that every serious student of Marxism, political theory, or modern Italian history must now read him. Imprisoned by the Fascists for much of his adult life, Gramsci wrote brilliantly on a broad range of subjects: from folklore to philosophy, popular culture to political strategy. Still the most comprehensive collection of Gramsci's writings available in English, it now features a new introduction by leading Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm, in addition to its biographical introduction, informative introductions to each section, and glossary of key terms."
9780441581054 In the fight-or-die world of the future, Ferret, a thief and smuggler on exotic worlds, becomes Pen, one of the Siblings of the Shroud and a master of lethal skills who may someday conquer an empire
9780751504330 Different Seasons contains four stories with an interlacing of horror that capture the dark corners of our times. In Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption, a man convicted of a bloody murder lives in prison brutally ruled by a sadistic warden and secretly run by a con who knows all the ropes and pulls all the strings. He has more brains than anyone else in this sinister slammer, and a diabolically cunning plan of revenge that no one can guess until it's too late. And brace yourself for icy shock in three more stunning novellas of suspense. Four young boys come face to face with life, death and hints of their own mortality....A teenager becomes both the puppet and the puppet master of evil... A disgraced woman is determined to triumph over death. The greatest horror master of our time turns the screws of suspense to lock you into terrifying tension and nerve-tingling twists.
9780582418172 In 1960s America, four young boys go on a journey to search for the body of a boy killed by a train. As they travel, they discover how cruel the world can be, but also how wondrous.
"9780061122415 ""My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer,"" the boy told the alchemist one night as they looked up at the moonless sky."" Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams."" Every few decades a book is published that changes the lives of its readers forever. The Alchemist is such a book. With over a million and a half copies sold around the world, The Alchemist has already established itself as a modern classic, universally admired. Paulo Coelho's charming fable, now available in English for the first time, will enchant and inspire an even wider audience of readers for generations to come. The Alchemist is the magical story of Santiago, an Andalusian shepherd boy who yearns to travel in search of a worldly treasure as extravagant as any ever found. From his home in Spain he journeys to the markets of Tangiers and across the Egyptian desert to a fateful encounter with the alchemist. The story of the treasures Santiago finds along the way teaches us, as only a few stories have done, about the essential wisdom of listening to our hearts, learning to read the omens strewn along life's path, and, above all, following our dreams."
9781740597715 Lonely Planet Regional Guides are the essential companion. Includes well-presented information on everything from folklore to reading lists to insider lunch spots. Highlights sections and tailored itineraries make pre-trip planning a breeze.
9780312352189 Presents a fictional portrait of the sixth wife of Henry VIII, Catherine Parr, following this alluring and resourceful woman from the intrigues and perils of Henry's court to her rivalry with Princess Elizabeth for the affections of Thomas Seymour.
9780727862426 After The Untouchables, Eliot Ness goes solo. In 1929, Eliot Ness put away Al Scarface Capone and became the biggest living legend this side of law and order. Now it's 1935. With The Untouchables and Prohibition behind him and the Great Depression falling darkly across the nation, Ness arrives in Cleveland to straighten out a crooked city. An anonymous ring of bent cops is dealing in vice, graft, gambling and racketeering, overlorded by a mysterious top cop known as the outside chief. But between corrupt politicians, jealous colleagues, a parasitic reporter and two blondes with nothing in common, Ness has big troubles pulling the sheets off the bed of blue vipers. Until the outside chief makes a move, and Ness moves just a bit quicker.
9780340828069 He's the King of the Swingers. But she's the Ice Queen. When Dr Jennifer Niederhauser becomes head of the chimpanzee project at Prowdes Animal Sanctuary, the uptight young zoologist looks forward to making her mark in the conservation world. But the regime is ramshackle, the chimpanzees uncontrollable and her first meeting with head keeper Guy Gibson finds him naked and covered in baby oil. She decides never to work with animals or the childish again. But, she may not have a job for much longer anyway - Prowdes is in big financial trouble. Salvation comes in the form of a TV documentary. Prowdes needs the money and exposure. But does Jennifer need to be exposed to the show's smooth presenter, chimpanzee expert Dr Timothy Lauder? The ultimate alpha male.
9780755311514 Invisibility cloaks, flying broomsticks, magic doors - all the stuff of children's fantasy. But have you ever wondered if this magic could feasibly work? Roger Highfield explores the world of the Harry Potter stories and shows how cutting edge science can explain much of it. Exciting scientific concepts such as wormholes and general relativity and he also offers explanations for the more historical links between magic and science, investigating the archaelogical and anthropological evidence for witchcraft and dragons.
9781934169070 Henryk Sienkiewicz (1846-1916) won the 1905 Nobel Prize in Literature. A brilliant Polish writer and patriot, he is possibly best known abroad for his monumental historical epic Quo Vadis that portrays the vibrant and dissonant combination of cruel excesses and decadence of Rome during the reign of the corrupt Emperor Nero and the high faith of the emerging era of early Christianity. Quo Vadis: A Narrative of the Time of Nero, is a love story of Marcus Vinicius, a passionate young Roman tribune, and Lygia Callina, a beautiful and gentle Christian maiden of royal Lygian descent and a hostage of Rome, raised in a patrician home. At first Marcus, a typical aristocratic Roman libertine of his time, has no notion of love and merely desires Lygia with erotic animalistic intensity. Through political machinations of the elegant Petronius he contrives to have her taken by force from her foster home and into the decadent and terrible splendor of the court of Ceasar, setting in motion a course of events that culminate in his own spiritual redemption. Intricately researched, populated with vibrant historical figures, and gorgeous period detail, bloody spectacle and intimate beauty, this is an epic tapestry of the triumph of love, faith and sacrifice.
9780713998948 American democracy is the world's most beloved form of government, which is why so many other nations are eager for it to be imposed on them. But just what exactly is it? Jon Stewart and his fellow patriots from the Emmy-winning The Daily Show finally deliver the answer. They offer their insights into a unique system of government, dissecting its institutions, explaining its history and processes, and exploring the reasons why concepts like 'One man, one vote', 'Government by the people', and 'Every vote counts' have become such popular urban myths. Includes such favourites as Ancient Rome: The First Republicans; The Founding Fathers: Young, Gifted and White; The President: King of Democracy; The Supreme Court: 18 Legs, Four Tits, One Mission; Running for Office: What Are You Thinking?; The Media: Can It Be Stopped?; The Future of Democracy: The Constitutional Robocracy and You
9780380731954 Amelia Peabody, her sexy archaeologist husband Emerson, and their precocious son Ramses find themselves caught up in an intrigue at the British Museum that includes a haunted mummy case, supernatural curses, and a lunatic murderer
"9780312357771 When Marcus Didius Falco, a Roman ""informer"" who has a nose for trouble that's sharper than most, encounters Sosia Camillina in the Forum, he senses immediately all is not right with the pretty girl. She confesses to him that she is fleeing for her life, and Falco makes the rash decision to rescue her--a decision he will come to regret. For Sosia bears a heavy burden: as heavy as a pile of stolen Imperial ingots, in fact. Matters just get more complicated when Falco meets Helena Justina, a Senator's daughter who is connected to the very same traitors he has sworn to expose. Soon Falco finds himself swept from the perilous back alleys of Ancient Rome to the silver mines of distant Britain--and up against a cabal of traitors with blood on their hands and no compunction whatsoever to do away with a snooping plebe like Falco...."
9780060773755 That hot guy tied to Lissianna Argeneau's bed? He's not dessert—he's the main course! Lissianna has been spending her centuries pining for Mr. Right, not just a quick snack, and this sexy guy she finds in her bed looks like he might be a candidate. But there's another, more pressing issue: her tendency to faint at the sight of blood . . . an especially annoying quirk for a vampire. Of course it doesn't hurt that this man has a delicious-looking neck. What kind of cold-blooded vampire woman could resist a bite of that? Dr. Gregory Hewitt recovers from the shock of waking up in a stranger's bedroom pretty quickly—once he sees a gorgeous woman about to treat him to a wild night of passion. But is it possible for the good doctor to find true love with a vampire vixen, or will he be just a good meal? That's a question Dr. Greg might be willing to sink his teeth into . . . if he can just get Lissianna to bite.
9780786000234 Emerging from the world of ancient Greece, Hades, Lord of the Underworld, and the mystical Persephone defy the gods of Olympus to defend an eternal love that they share between the sun and the shadows. Original.
9780765352392 Vicky's disappointment in the antique dollhouse she receives for her birthday gives way to curiosity as she is literally drawn into the lives of its unusual inhabitants.
9780812509670 Originally published as part of The Dark Descent, this splendid collection of horror fiction deals with humanity's most powerful emotions--fear, love, and hope. Writers include Robert Aickman, Philip K. Dick, Charles Dickens, Stephen King, Joyce Carol Oates, Edith Wharton, and others.
"9780802831620 This momentous book argues that the four Gospels are closely based on the eyewitness testimony of those who personally knew Jesus. Noted New Testament scholar Richard Bauckham challenges the prevailing assumption that the accounts of Jesus circulated as anonymous community traditions, asserting instead that they were transmitted in the names of the original eyewitness. To drive home this controversial point, Bauckham draws on internal literary evidence, the use of personal names in first-century Jewish Palestine, and recent developments in the understanding of oral tradition. ""Jesus and the Eyewitnesses"" also taps into the rich resources of modern study of memory, especially in cognitive psychology, refuting the conclusions of the form critics and calling New Testament scholarship to make a clean break with this long-dominant tradition. Finally, Bauckham challenges readers to end the classic division between the historical Jesus and the Christ of faith, proposing instead the Jesus of testimony as presented by the Gospels. Sure to ignite heated debate on the precise character of the testimony about Jesus, ""Jesus and the Eyewitnesses"" is a groundbreaking work that will be valued by scholars, students, and all who seek to understand the origins of the Gospels."
9780312865764 Jack Vance is undoubtedly one of the most gifted and versatile authors of science fiction today. The winner of a Hugo, a Nebula, and a World Fantasy Award, Vance lays claim to a career that spans more than five decades of critical acclaim and devoted readership. Tor Books has recognized his widespread audience and for years has brought classic Jack Vance novels back into print--most recently The Demon Princes, Volume One, and omnibus containing the first three books of Vance's beloved Demon Princes series. Tor now presents The Demon Princes, Volume Two, and omnibus containing the series' final two novels, The Face and The Book of Dreams. Kirth Gersen carries in his pocket a slip of paper with a list of five names written upon it--the names of five Demon Princes. The Demon Princes are a race of beings who disguise themselves as humans and delight in power and destruction. however, to Kirth they are merely murderers who killed his family and destroyed his home planet--and who deserves to die for those misdeeds. Three have already fallen in Kirth's hands, but there are two more names on his list, two more Princes who will live only long enough to regret their evil ways. Lens Larque was just as unique as the other Demon Princes--uniquely appalling. He was personally ugly, startling vicious, and arrogant above all others. Larque's own mission was a villainy of the highest order, and his personal obsession with success kept him hidden well from attackers--almost well enough. Howard Alan Treesong poisoned his friends, tortured his colleagues, and wrote his own horrific holy book, The Book of Dreams. But, clever as he may be, a galaxy-wide guessing game will be his undoing--and Kirth Gersen's sworn vengeance will be complete.
9780743219570 Headstrong and beautiful, the young housemaid Sally Jupp is put rudely in her place, strangled in her bed behind a bolted door. Coolly brilliant policeman Adam Dalgliesh of Scotland Yard must find her killer among a houseful of suspects, most of whom had very good reason to wish her ill. Cover Her Face is P. D. James's electric debut novel, an ingeniously plotted mystery that immediately placed her among the masters of suspense.
9780439736466 A collection of poems, stories, essays, and art drawn from the 2002, 2003, and 2004 Scholastic Art & Writing Awards showcases cutting-edge young authors and artists.
9780300111149 A thorough examination of the history of the controversial island country looks at little-known aspects of its past, from its pre-Columbian origins to the fate of its native peoples, complete with up-to-date information on Cuba's place in a post-Soviet world.
9780226134345 For this fiftieth-anniversary edition, Dahl has written an extensive new afterword that reevaluates Madisonian theory in light of recent research. And in a new foreword, he reflects back on his influential volume and the ways his views have evolved since he wrote it. For any student or scholar of political science, this new material is an essential update on a gold standard in the evolving field of democratic theory.
9780345450395 Enlisted to take part in a battle against a horrifying extra-galactic threat, Flinx and his mini-drag protector Pip find themselves journeying into the heart of danger as he prepares to take on a force of pure evil and into the arms of the only woman he has every loved. Reprint.
9780141185323 The story of the Pargiter family - their intimacies and estrangements, anxieties and triumphs - mapped out amongst the bustling rhythms of London's streets during the first decade of the 20th century. The Pargiter children must learn to find their footing in a world of rapidly changing rules.
"9780671024208 Now in paperback--the sweeping epic of ancient Rome from the #1 bestselling author of ""The Thorn Birds"" that brings to life Gaius Julius Caesar during the last days of the Roman Republic."
9780810959118 More than four hundred rarely seen black-and-white and color photographs chronicle the career of the Beatles, from their 1963 emergence as part of the British pop music scene to their public breakup in 1970.
9780140283358 A magistrate in a country village protests the army's treatment of members of the barbarian tribes taken prisoner during a civil war and finds himself arrested as a traitor.
9780451528308 From ancient Greece to 19th-century America, this collection traces the history of civilization through the seminal works of its most influential thinkers including Plato, Aristotle, St. Thomas Aquinas, John Stuart Mill, and others.
9780226204055 This volume completes the immensely learned three-volume A History of Religious Ideas. Eliade examines the movement of Jewish thought out of ancient Eurasia, the Christian transformation of the Mediterranean area and Europe, and the rise and diffusion of Islam from approximately the sixth through the seventeenth centuries. Eliade's vast knowledge of past and present scholarship provides a synthesis that is unparalleled. In addition to reviewing recent interpretations of the individual traditions, he explores the interactions of the three religions and shows their continuing mutual influence to be subtle but unmistakable. As in his previous work, Eliade pays particular attention to heresies, folk beliefs, and cults of secret wisdom, such as alchemy and sorcery, and continues the discussion, begun in earlier volumes, of pre-Christian shamanistic practices in northern Europe and the syncretistic tradition of Tibetan Buddhism. These subcultures, he maintains, are as important as the better-known orthodoxies to a full understanding of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
"9780446691406 A fable satirizing Spenser's ""The Fairie Queen"" and reflecting the real life of Elizabeth I, tells of a woman who ascends to the throne upon the death of her debauched and corrupted father, King Hern. Gloriana's reign brings the Empire of Albion into a Golden Age, but her oppressive responsibilities choke her, prohibiting any form of sexual satisfaction, no matter what fetish she tries. Her problem is in fact symbolic of the hypocrisy of her entire court. While her life is meant to mirror that of her nation - an image of purity, virtue, enlightenment and prosperity - the truth is that her peaceful empire is kept secure by her wicked chancellor Monfallcon and his corrupt network of spies and murderers, the most sinister of whom is Captain Quire, who is commissioned to seduce Gloriana and thus bring down Albion and the entire empire."
9780763621643 As a page in his uncle's castle in thirteenth-century England, eleven-year-old Tobias records in his journal his experiences learning how to hunt, play games of skill, and behave in noble society.
9780974607894 This vivid, sensitive tale of adolescent love follows a 16-year-old boy who falls in love with a beautiful, older woman and experiences a whirlwind of changing emotions, from exaltation and jealousy to despair and devotion. This beautifully packaged series of classic novellas includes the works of masterful writers. Inexpensive and collectible, they are the first single-volume publications of these classic tales, offering a closer look at this under-appreciated literary form and providing a fresh take on the world's most celebrated authors.
9780785814535 The life of American writer Edgar Allan Poe was characterized by a dramatic series of successes and failures, breakdowns and recoveries, personal gains and hopes dashed through, despite which he created some of the finest literature the world has ever known. Over time his works have influenced such major creative forces as the French poets Charles Baudelaire and Andre Gide, filmmaker D.W. Griffith and modern literary legend Allen Ginsberg. Best known for his poems and short fiction, Poe perfected the psychological thriller, invented the detective story, and rarely missed transporting the reader to his own supernatural realm. He has also been hailed posthumously as one of the finest literary critics of the nineteenth century. In Edgar Allan Poe: Complete Tales and Poems fans may indulge in all of Poe's most imaginative short-stories, including The Fall of the House of Usher, The Murders in Rue Morgue, The Tell-Tale Heart, Ligeia and Ms. In a Bottle. His complete early and miscellaneous poetic masterpieces are here also, including The Raven, Ulalume, Annabel Lee, Tamerlane, as well as select reviews and narratives.
9780671569020 New York Times bestselling author JAYNE CASTLE The wildly popular alter ego of bestselling author Jayne Ann Krentz creates “delectably entertaining paranormal romantic suspense” (Booklist) in the “unique, synergistic world of St. Helen’s” (Library Journal ), the not-so-distant space colony where hearts and minds are gloriously in sync! Atop psychic for exclusive Psynergy Inc., Orchid Adams has her hands full with a baffling murder—which doesn’t exactly allow time for husband hunting. Is it even possible there’s a man on St. Helen’s who measures up to her dreams of wedded bliss? Take her new client, Rafe Stonebraker: primitive and elemental, an unlicensed P.I. with some serious secrets, Rafe is hardly marriage material. So why does his powerful presence have Orchid imagining the most outrageous affair? Rafe is embroiled in solving a strange theft while thwarting a hostile takeover of Stonebraker Shipping; he needs a wife—and fast—to salvage his credibility. Orchid Adams doesn’t fit the profile he had in mind, but she fits in his arms. Will their electrifying connection end up getting them burned?
9780452287075 Forced to flee their native Caribbean island after an attempted coup, the Garcias--Carlos, Laura, and their four daughters--must learn a new way of life in the Bronx, while trying to cling to the old ways that they loved.
9780812550283 Elayne, Aviendha, and Mat work to restore the world's natural weather, while Egwene gathers a group of female channelers and Rand confronts the dread Forsaken Sammael, in the seventh volume in the Wheel of Time series. Reprint.
9780691024714 The story of Nabokov's life continues with his arrival in the United States in 1940. He found that supporting himself and his family was not easy--until the astonishing success of Lolita catapulted him to world fame and financial security.The story of Nabokov's life continues with his arrival in the United States in 1940. He found that supporting himself and his family was not easy--until the astonishing success of Lolita catapulted him to world fame and financial security.
9780312354602 Barbara Taylor Bradford introduced the illustrious Harte family in her blockbuster A Woman of Substance. Now she has created an unforgettable new dynasty: the Deravenels. On a bitterly cold day in 1904, the Deravenel family's future changes forever. When Cecily Deravenel tells her eighteen-year-old son Edward of the death of his father, brother, uncle, and cousin in a fire, a part of him dies as well. Edward and his cousin Neville Watkins are suspicious of the deaths. They vow to seek the truth, avenge the deaths, and retake control of their family's business empire. As he grows into a handsome, charismatic man, Edward is torn between duty and desire. There are women in his life for whom he'll risk everything--and one woman who might destroy him. But madness and secrecy lie at the heart of the family, and Edward's enemies are far more ruthless than he knows. He will need his strength more than ever when the house of Deravenel is fatally rocked by betrayal from within. Who will become the ultimate ruler of the Deravenels? Power and money, passion and adultery, ambition and treachery all illuminate a dramatic epic saga that brings to life the glittering Edwardian Era. The Ravenscar Dynasty is based on the familial factions of England's Wars of the Roses, brought to life by the magical, memorable storytelling power that is Barbara Taylor Bradford.
"9780691102573 Stephen Greenblatt sets out to explain his longtime fascination with the ghost of Hamlet's father, and his daring and ultimately gratifying journey takes him through surprising intellectual territory. It yields an extraordinary account of the rise and fall of Purgatory as both a belief and a lucrative institution--as well as a capacious new reading of the power of Hamlet. In the mid-sixteenth century, English authorities abruptly changed the relationship between the living and dead. Declaring that Purgatory was a false ""poem,"" they abolished the institutions and banned the practices that Christians relied on to ease the passage to Heaven for themselves and their dead loved ones. Greenblatt explores the fantastic adventure narratives, ghost stories, pilgrimages, and imagery by which a belief in a grisly ""prison house of souls"" had been shaped and reinforced in the Middle Ages. He probes the psychological benefits as well as the high costs of this belief and of its demolition. With the doctrine of Purgatory and the elaborate practices that grew up around it, the church had provided a powerful method of negotiating with the dead. The Protestant attack on Purgatory destroyed this method for most people in England, but it did not eradicate the longings and fears that Catholic doctrine had for centuries focused and exploited. In his strikingly original interpretation, Greenblatt argues that the human desires to commune with, assist, and be rid of the dead were transformed by Shakespeare--consummate conjurer that he was--into the substance of several of his plays, above all the weirdly powerful Hamlet. Thus, the space of Purgatory became the stage haunted by literature's most famous ghost. This book constitutes an extraordinary feat that could have been accomplished by only Stephen Greenblatt. It is at once a deeply satisfying reading of medieval religion, an innovative interpretation of the apparitions that trouble Shakespeare's tragic heroes, and an exploration of how a culture can be inhabited by its own spectral leftovers."
9780375727573 Determined that he will someday be a great poet, Olaf Karason pursues his dream in the face of the contempt and indifference of the people around him, taking up a life of poverty, loneliness, failed love affairs, and sexual scandal as he journeys across Iceland to seek his goal. Reprint. 17,500 first printing.
9781595820631 Yoshitaka Amano has been praised around the world for his lush watercolors and evocative work dealing with myth and legend. In The Tale of Genji Mr. Amano brings his considerable talent to retelling one of the most famous of Japanese myths: written by Murasaki Shikibu shortly after 1000 AD and considered by most scholars to be the first novel ever written, The Tale of Genji is the story of the romantic adventures of Genji, the amazingly handsome prince and his many romantic conquests. Told through stunning paintings, Mr. Amano brings this classic story to life for a new generation. • As one of the most respected stories of all time, The Tale of Genji holds a worldwide place of honor among lovers of myth and legend.
9780312990688 Working for the U.S.'s secret intelligence forces in Europe during the Second World War, Stephen Metcalf undertakes a bold plan for which he must locate and betray a former lover in order to protect free-world interests. Reprint.
9780393926118 The classroom standard for readers and aspiring writers of fiction, The Norton Anthology of Short Fiction offers the most comprehensive, engaging selection of classic and contemporary stories in the field.
9780143037491 This volume brings together three of Rousseau's most important political writings--The Social Contract and The First Discourse (Discourse on the Sciences and Arts) and The Second Discourse (Discourse on the Origin and Foundations of Inequality)--and presents essays by major scholars that shed light on these texts.
9780553578973 Wedge Antilles sends the controversial Wraith Squadron on a mission to pose as ruthless pirates seeking to join Zsinj's forces in order to infiltrate the warlord's fleet and uncover his carefully guarded plans for destruction. Original.
"9780688140717 In this compelling book, Elan Golomb identifies the crux of the emotional and psychological problems of millions of adults. Simply put, the children of narcissist -- offspring of parents whose interest always towered above the most basic needs of their sons and daughters -- share a common belief: They believe they do not have the right to exist. The difficulties experienced by adult children of narcissists can manifest themselves in many ways: for examples, physical self-loathing that takes form of overeating, anorexia, or bulimia; a self-destructive streak that causes poor job performance and rocky personal relationships; or a struggle with the self that is perpetuated in the adult's interaction with his or her own children. These dilemmas are both common and correctable, Dr. Golomb tells us. With an empathic blend of scholarship and case studies, along with her own personal narrative of her fight for self, Dr. Golomb plumbs the depths of this problem, revealing its mysterious hold on the affairs of otherwise bright, aware, motivated, and worthy people. Trapped in the Mirror explores. the nature of the paralysis and lack of motivation so many adults feel stress and its role in exacerbating childhood wrongs why do many of our relationships seem to be ""reruns"" of the past how one's body image can be formed by faulty parenting how anger must be acknowledge to be overcome and, most important, how even the most traumatized self can be healed. Rooted in a profoundly humanist traditional approach, and suffused with the benefit of the latest knowledge about intrafamily relationships, Trapped in the Mirror offers more than the average self-help book; it is truly the first self-heal book for millions."
9781599982939 By night, he becomes a mysterious stranger devoted only to her pleasure?and discovers she?s hiding a naughty little secret.After divorcing her never-home husband, Lauren Southall plucked up her courage, dusted off her power suits, and returned to corporate life. Two years later, there?s just one six-foot three, testosterone-packed problem: her ex-husband?s good friend and her current boss, Noah Reeves. Lauren aches for him. No other man will do. But she can?t possibly measure up to the silicone-packed professional cheerleaders he dates. So she hides her desire behind a professional persona and fantasizes.For ten years, Noah Reeves has waited to make Lauren his. Once her divorce was final, he tracked down and hired the brilliant, dedicated woman. But when he?s with her, it isn?t spreadsheets and profit margins on his brain. Problem is, she?s never seen him as anything but her ex-husband?s pal. Now that she?s finally a free woman and with him 40+ hours a week, well? he?d love to persuade her to throw in her nights and weekends.Noah decides to romance her by day. By night, he becomes a mysterious stranger devoted only to her pleasure?and discovers she?s hiding a naughty little secret of her own.Warning, this title contains the following: explicit sex, graphic language.
9780689870408 Problems arise for Amelia when she starts sixth grade at the same middle school where her older sister Cleo is an eighth-grader, and she gets the school's meanest teacher for three of her classes.
9780879239480 Written between 1977 and 1990, universally acclaimed when they appeared in Godine hardcover, and exploring subjects close to home and close to the bone, these twenty-two diverse essays reveal the spiritual strength and shrewdly lyrical prose for which Andre Dubus has been recognized worldwide.Personal but never indulgent, sensitive but never maudlin, these forays into Dubus's past and present conjure up small worlds: a Catholic boyhood in Cajun Louisiana, the transcendental quality of baseball, the luck and slipperiness of life, the precarious business of making a living by writing. These worlds are presented in a voice that is as powerful as it is poignant, that never flinches from the stark realities that have so colored Dubus's recent past and personal life. Especially moving are his descriptions of his children, his wrenching account of the 1986 automobile accident that cost him his leg, and of the ensuing struggle for his spiritual and physical survival.Broken Vessels is a book that, in its scope and sympathy, its grace and courage, never fails to startle with the sudden impact of quiet truths, passionately felt and powerfully expressed.
"9780896214408 Andy Dufresne was no ordinary ""lifer."" He was in Shankshaw State Prison for two murders he didn't commit. His posters kept him sane by giving him hope."
9780340425671 The legend continues Get ready to enjoy more thrills and spills with the world's greatest secret agent in the latest addition to this classic action series This is the story that introduced us to James Bond. He's charming, sophisticated and handsome but also chillingly ruthless and very deadly. In his first mission, James must neutralize a Russian operative by ruining him at the Baccarat table and forcing his 'retirement'. Lady luck appears to be taken with Bond as his target hits a losing streak, but Bond's attraction to a beautiful female agent leads him to disaster... This new edition also features an new introduction by and background material created exclusively for this series on the literary history of Bond.
9780764551536 Philosophy at its best is an activity more than a body of knowledge. In an ancient sense, done right, it is a healing art. It’s intellectual self-defense. It’s a form of therapy. But it’s also much more. Philosophy is map-making for the soul, cartography for the human journey. It’s an important navigational tool for life that too many modern people try to do without. Philosophy For Dummies is for anyone who has ever entertained a question about life and this world. In a conversational tone, the book's author – a modern-day scholar and lecturer – brings the greatest wisdom of the past into the challenges that we face now. This refreshingly different guide explains philosophical fundamentals and explores some of the strangest and deepest questions ever posed to human beings, such as How do we know anything? What does the word good mean? Are we ever really free? Do human beings have souls? Is there life after death? Is there a God? Is happiness really possible in our world? This book is chock full of all those questions you may have long wanted to think about and talk with someone about, but have never had the time or opportunity to tackle head on. Philosophy For Dummies invites you to discuss the issues you find in the guide, share perspectives, and compare thoughts and feelings with someone you respect. You'll find lots of material to mull over with your friends or spouse, including thoughts on When to doubt, and when to doubt our doubts The universal demand for evidence and proof The four dimensions of human experience Arguments for materialism Fear of the process of dying Prayers and small miracles Moral justification for allowing evil The ancient philosopher Socrates (fifth century, B.C.) thought that, when it comes to the Ultimate Questions, we all start off as dummies. But if we are humbly aware of how little we actually know, then we can really begin to learn. Philosophy For Dummies will put you on the path to wising up as you steer through the experience called life.
9780674961876 Argues that contemporary critics force works of literature to fit their theories and examines the impact of Marxism, linguistics, psychoanalysis, and structuralism on literary criticism
9780195145663 Medea, whose magical powers helped Jason and the Argonauts take the Golden Fleece, remains one of the strongest female characters ever to appear on stage.
9780310243878 Actor and father Mark Gillen finds out how far modern courts will go to keep a child from a parent who has strong Christian views.
9781852339463 Many books have described how the universe became the way it is today. But what about the future of the universe? How long might the universe as we recognize it survive? The Future of the Universe takes the reader on a journey through space and time, beginning with a long look at the Earth and solar system, voyaging to the outermost galaxies, and finishing with speculations about the life and fate of the entire universe.
9780812590463 Ariadne, the daughter of King Minos, conspires to rescue the man she loves from the gods' sacrificial altar, but this is only the beginning of their troubles as Dionysus intervenes to cause trouble. Reprint.
"9780006280934 ""In The Problem of Pain, C.S. Lewis, one of the most renowned Christian authors and thinkers, examines a universally applicable question within the human condition: If God is good and all-powerful, why does he allow his creatures to suffer pain? With his signature wealth of compassion and insight, C.S. Lewis offers answers to these crucial questions and shares his hope and wisdom to help heal a world hungering for a true understanding of human nature.""--Amazon."
9780671742515 When a passenger check-in desk shoots through the roof of a terminal at Heathrow Airport in flames, Dirk Gently investigates the cosmic forces at play
9780060957605 Part memoir, part study, The Making of a Philosopher is the self–portrait of a deeply intelligent mind as it develops over a life on both sides of the Atlantic. The Making of a Philosopher follows Colin McGinn from his early years in England reading Descartes and Anselm, to his years in the states, first in Los Angeles, then New York. McGinn presents a contemporary academic take on the great philosophical figures of the twentieth century, including Bertrand Russell, Jean–Paul Sartre, and Noam Chomsky, alongside stories of the teachers who informed his ideas and often became friends and mentors, especially the colorful A.J. Ayer at Oxford. McGinn's prose is always elegant and probing; students of contemporary philosophy and the general reader alike will absorb every page.
9780425209615 Samantha Carpenter must join forces with reporter--and werewolf--Lance Marshall to find the truth surrounding her sister's mysterious coma by gaining entrance to a secretive club called The Castle, where they, while searching for answers, stumble upon a dark evil, and a passion like no other. Original.
9780743223850 In the perfect match of subject and author, John S. D. Eisenhower, a noted military historian, presents the definitive account of the birth of the modern Amer- ican army and its decisive role in World War I. With the help of his wife Joanne, Eisenhower captures the viewpoints of the actual participants, blending a narrative told from the perspective of top officers with the stories of average soldiers. Drawing on diaries and memoirs, he brings each engagement to life, from the initial planning to the actual battlefield experiences of soldiers whose exploits at Belleau Woods and along the Meuse-Argonne would become the stuff of legend. Along the way, he shows how General Pershing and other leaders -- including George Marshall, Douglas MacArthur, George Patton, Billy Mitchell, and Peyton March -- transformed the American Expeditionary Force from a small, underequipped force into a strong, efficient, and effective army. Fast-paced, lively, and engaging, Yanks illuminates the central role of the American army in turning the tide in the biggest war the world had ever known.
9780375703874 Autograph trader Alex-Li Tandem embarks on an odyssey that takes him from London to New York in pursuit of the only autograph that has ever really mattered to him, dealing with con men and fellow collectors who would hinder his quest.
9780143039143 Magnus Eisengrim, the illustrious magician star of a movie being filmed in Switzerland, spends his free time relating the sad story of his life to his director and producer, a cameraman, a mysterious hostess, and a Canadian schoolmaster, in the third volume of the Deptford Trilogy. Reprint.
9780393058260 Covering more than two hundred years of history, a study of American involvement in the Middle East examines the diverse roles of American statesmen, merchants, soldiers, missionaries, explorers, and others in shaping this troubled region.
9780553572988 As a final genocidal Crusade threatens to enslave humanity forever, Aenea, a new messiah, comes of age and must deliver her startling message to her growing army of disciples, but not before embarking on a mission to discover the very meaning of the universe. Reprint. NYT.
9780552146784 A thousand years after they fell in battle, two heroes - Druss and Skilgannon - are revered throughout the war-torn lands of the Dernai, where men and women live in abject fear of the dark sorceress known as the Eternal...But what if the soul of one suc
9780312311339 An American chronicles his funny, nostalgic encounter with Ireland as he searches for his roots in the countryside and pubs of this beautiful and deceptively simple country. Reprint. 20,000 first printing.
9781903809501 Recounts the wildly chaotic odyssey of hapless, ungainly Ebenezer Cooke, sent to the New World to look after his father's tobacco business. The book is a tribute to the most insidious human vices and a hilarious ride through the 18th century in the company of heroes, villans, innocents and rogues.
9780061094156 The magical tale of ill-fated lovers lost among worlds teetering on the edge of destruction, where their passion holds the key to escape. There has never been a book like Imajica. Transforming every expectation offantasy fiction with its heady mingling of radical sexuality and spiritual anarchy, it has carried its millions of readers into regions of passion and philosophy that few books have even attempted to map. It's an epic in every way; vast in conception, obsessively detailed in execution, and apocalyptic in its resolution. A book of erotic mysteries and perverse violence. A book of ancient, mythological landscapes and even more ancient magic.
9780552998789 The residents of 28 Barbary Lane are back again in this racy, suspenseful and wildly romantic sequel to Tales of the Cityand More Tales of the City.DeDe Halcyon Day and Mary Ann Singleton track down a charismatic psychopath, Michael Tolliver looks for love, landlady Anna Madrigal imprisons an anchorwoman in her basement storeroom, and Armistead Maupin is in firm control.
9780449005576 Discouraged by the simultaneous loss of her job, apartment, and boyfriend, twentysomething Alice Lewis accepts the offer of her American girlfriend, Tash, to move to Los Angeles to take a job in a glamorous PR firm, but she soon discovers that she is being pursued by a mystery man, who has crossed the Atlantic to woo her. Reissue.
9780822007807 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. With CliffsNotes on Madame Flaubert, you'll gain insight into Gustave Flaubert's novel that was so scandalous, he was brought to trial for immorality. Written in 1857, Madame Bovary is a pointed telling of the protagonist's immoral behavior as she ignores her duties as wife and mother to pursue her superficial romantic ideals. However, many now claim the novel as an integral part of modern European and American fiction and the forerunner and model of the realistic novel. Show your classmates – and your grade-granting teacher – that you're in the know with literature. You can't miss with chapter summaries, plot explorations, and author insights. Other features that help you study include A brief synopsis of the novel Insightful chapter commentaries Critical essays on major themes, symbolism, style, and more In-depth character analyses An interactive quiz to test your knowledge Essay topics and review questions Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure – you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides.
9780752858470 Tyrell Hawthorne was a naval intelligence officer until his wife was murdered. Now Hawthorne has been called out of retirement for one last assignment. For he is the only man who can track down the world's most dangerous terrorist, Amaya Bajaratt, who has set in motion a chilling conspiracy that a desperate government cannot stop. Hawthorne must follow Amaya's serpentine trail to uncover the sinister network that exists to help this consummate killer. And Hawthorne must discover the shattering truth behind the Scorpio Illusion...
9781401300463 An provocative look inside the world of sorority life offers an eye-opening view of the drugs, psychological abuse, promiscuity, racism, violence, and other problems that are rampant among young women in a typical sorority and analyzes why intelligent young women put up with these abuses in order to become part of a sorority sisterhood. 25,000 first printing.
9780345461308 Kidnapped by aliens to be sold as a pet in a distant part of the galaxy, young Chicago commodities broker Marcus Walker and his companion, George, a speech-enhanced dog, have managed to outwit their abductors, only to find themselves stranded billions of miles from Earth, with no way home. Reprint.
9780312155322 An old Jew looks back on his climb from the slums of New York into the rarefied world of wealth and intellect. He describes a romance with his college professor. By the author of A Diving Rock on the Hudson.
9780767921961 A humorous but helpful handbook offers survival strategies for women who are getting over Mr. Wrong and struggling to rebuild their lives, covering everything from ending a relationship permanently to finding a brighter romantic future.
9780143036838 A hilarious compilation of witty anecdotes and trenchant essays on the mysteries of grammar and punctuation takes a poke at self-appointed language experts as it discusses such topics as predicate nominatives, colons and semicolons, quotation marks, prepositions, hyphens, and more. Original.
9780762408283 This carry-along version of our enormously popular Zen Gardening Kit provides a touch of tranquility on the go. Packaged with a 32page introduction to the aesthetic enlightenment of Zen gardening, it includes a tray, fine sand, decorative rocks, and miniature wooden rake.
"9781400033836 On a prosperous Iowa farm in the 1970s, wealthy farmer Lawrence Cook announces his intentions to divide the farm among his daughters, setting off a family crisis reminiscent of Shakespeare's ""King Lear."" Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 12,500 first printing."
9781859843826 Shows how the droughts affecting northern Africa, China, and India in the 1870s and 1890s are consistant with El Niäno effects, and discusses the economic, racial, and political forces that allowed fifty million people to starve.
9780006380832 Until Vasco da Gama discovered the sea-route to the East in 1497-9 almost nothing was known in the West of the exotic cultures and wealth of the Indian Ocean and its peoples. It is this civilization and its destruction at the hands of the West that Richard Hall recreates in this book. Hall's history of the exploration and exploitation by Chinese and Arab travellers, and by the Portuguese, Dutch and British alike is one of brutality, betrayal and colonial ambition.
9781568984957 In John Baldessari's new book, Yours in Food, the founding member of the conceptual art movement explores America at the table, savoring the nuances of breaking bread in carefully composed vignettes culled appropriated video and film. Reflections on food and eating specially commissioned from a smorgasbord of contemporary writers on culture and the arts, from novelist David Eggers to musician David Byrne, offer up the perfect accompaniment to Baldessari's work. Paired with his images, these humorous, insightful, and, in some cases, bizarre meditations investigate one of the most fundamental and telling of all human experiences. A visual and intellectual feast, Yours in Food is sure to entertain and delight readers of fiction, art history, and cultural criticism and all lovers of food. A Blind Spot Book published by Princeton Architectural Press.
9780060543495 During a scarlet fever outbreak in 1906, thirteen-year-old Lizabeth must decide whether it is more important to be Strawberry Queen or to be at the bedside of her younger sister, who is ill.
9780441012114 With his father on his deathbed, Prince Conrig of Cathra and his lover, the seductive sorceress Princess Ullanoth of Moss, have hatched a plan to reunite the warring kingdoms of High Blenholm under one supreme rule, in the first volume of the Boreal Moon Tale series. Reprint.
9780521009379 Over the last two decades, asylum has become a highly charged political issue across developed countries. This book draws upon political and ethical theory and an examination of the experiences of the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom and Australia to consider how to respond to the challenges of asylum. In addition to explaining why asylum has emerged as such a key political issue, it provides a compelling account of how states could move towards implenting morally defensible responses to refugees.
9781585677108 In the first full-length biography of Anthony Powell, Michael Barber--publisher, journalist, and man-about-town--takes a close look at the man and the writer. He finds someone whose temperament was often at war with his upbringing. The son of an army officer, educated at Eton and Oxford, Powell chose as his closest friends people like Malcolm Muggeridge and the composer Constant Lambert, who were not out of the top drawer, or the one below it. Although happily married for more than sixty years to Lady Violet Pakenham, the daughter of an earl, he admitted that he had always been attracted by girls who looked as if they'd slept under a bush for a week. Powell believed that creative writing was, like alchemy, a mysterious, indefinable process by which experience became art. Michael Barber focuses on the experience that provided Powell with his raw material. He pays particular attention to the entre-deux-guerres, that sharply divided cultural interlude when the artists and good-timers with whom Powell identified in the twenties were followed, in the thirties, by the politicians and the prigs. Amusing, candid, and highly entertaining, this is a delightfully readable account of the author
"9780486451381 Banned in Russia, Tolstoy's The Kingdom of God Is Within You was deemed a threat to church and state. The culmination of a lifetime's thought, it espouses a commitment to Jesus's message of turning the other cheek. In a bold and original manner, Tolstoy shows his readers clearly why they must reject violence of any sort—even that sanctioned by the state or the church—and urges them to look within themselves to find the answers to questions of morality. In 1894, one of the first English translations of this book found its way into the hands of a young Gandhi. Inspired by its message of nonresistance to evil, the Mahatma declared it a source of ""independent thinking, profound morality, and truthfulness."" Much of this work's emotional and moral appeal lies in its emphasis on fair treatment of the poor and working class. Its view of Christianity, not as a mystic religion but as a workable philosophy originating from the words of a remarkable teacher, extends its appeal to secular and religious readers alike."
9780815411833 A biography of the screen legend employs thirty-five thousand formerly sealed documents--letters, diaries, and other papers--to examine virtually every aspect of Monroe's life and death.
9780385494786 The author describes his spring 1996 trek to Mt. Everest, a disastrous expedition that claimed the lives of eight climbers, and explains why he survived
9780743275033 New York Police Department criminalist Lincoln Rhyme and his student Amelia Sachs lead the hunt for a serial killer who changes his appearance with each murder, except for a tattoo of the Grim Reaper waltzing in front of a coffin
9780465016907 Why are many of the most successful people plagued by feelings of emptiness and alienation? This wise and profound book has provided thousands of readers with an answer—and has helped them to apply it to their own lives.Far too many of us had to learn as children to hide our own feelings, needs, and memories skillfully in order to meet our parents’ expectations and win their ”love.” Alice Miller writes, ”When I used the word ’gifted’ in the title, I had in mind neither children who receive high grades in school nor children talented in a special way. I simply meant all of us who have survived an abusive childhood thanks to an ability to adapt even to unspeakable cruelty by becoming numb… Without this ’gift’ offered us by nature, we would not have survived.” But merely surviving is not enough. The Drama of the Gifted Child helps us to reclaim our life by discovering our own crucial needs and our own truth.
9780439176835 Bestselling author Garth Nix's amazing Seventh Tower series is back - now with a great new look! The Dark World is a place of ice, wind, and fury. A veil of black covers the sky. In all the world, only the Castle shines with light. Tal and Milla are struggling to make it to the Castle, each on a dangerous mission. For Tal, a Chosen, the Castle is home - even though he is not welcome anymore. For Milla, an Icecarl warrior, the Castle is a strange and mysterious place. Her presence is a threat that the Castle dwellers want to stop . . . at any cost. Sinister forces are conspiring against them. It will take all their strength to survive.
9780413772329 In the confused aftermath of a failed suicide attempt, Leonard English follows a vague vision of redemption, and an even vaguer offer of employment to a Cape Cod resort populated by religious zealots and promiscuous transvestites.
9780312423209 The re-imagined story of Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon, the British surveyors best known for marking the Mason-Dixon line, features the mismatched pair as they are drawn into naval warfare, erotic and political conspiracies, and major caffeine abuse as they negotiate the perils of eighteenth-century America. Reprint
9780747546245 The summer holidays are dragging on and Harry Potter can't wait for the start of the school year. It is his fourth year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and there are spells to be learnt and (unluckily) Potions and Divination lessons to be attended. But Harry can't know that the atmosphere is darkening around him, and his worst enemy is preparing a fate that it seems will be inescapable . . . With characteristic wit, fast-paced humour and marvellous emotional depth, J.K. Rowling has proved herself yet again to be a master story-teller.
9780764587276 In the CliffsComplete guides, the novel's complete text and a glossary appear side-by-side with coordinating numbered lines to help you understand unusual words and phrasing. You'll also find all the commentary and resources of a standard CliffsNotes for Literature. CliffsComplete Adventures of Huckleberry Finn offers insight and information into a work that's rich both dramatically and thematically. Every generation since its publication has been able to identify with some of the novel's themes, including freedom, society versus conscience, and greed. Follow the Mississippi River adventures of this mischief-making Huck Finn and the runaway slave Jim — and save valuable studying time — all at once. Enhance your reading of The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn with these additional features: A summary and insightful commentary for each chapter Bibliography and historical background on the author, Mark Twain A look at 18th-century life and society Coverage of Twain's writing and the reaction to the novel A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters Review questions, a quiz, discussion guide, and activity ideas A Resource Center full of books, articles, films, and Web sites Streamline your literature study with all-in-one help from CliffsComplete guides!
9780823410781 Traces the life of the young Jewish girl whose diary chronicles the years she and her family hid from the Nazis in an Amsterdam attic.
9781904633273 Timeless in its evocation of idealised family life and robustly enduring, Little Women is recognised as one of the best-loved classic children's stories of all time. Originally written as a 'girls' story', its appeal transcends the boundaries of time and age, making it as popular with adults as it is with young readers. For this is a beguiling story of happiness and hope, of the joys of companionship, domestic harmony and infinite mother love, all seen through the life of the March family. But which of the four March sisters to love best? For every reader must have their favourite. Independent, tomboyish Jo; delicate, loving Beth; pretty, kind Meg, or precocious and beautiful Amy, the baby of the family? Little Women was an instant success when first published in 1868, and followed only a year later by the sequel, Little Wives.
9780684846941 0ne of the most feisty, spellbinding and engaging heroines in modern fiction captures the essence of her own life in this contemporary American odyssey born of red-clay land and small-town people. We meet Kate at a crucial moment in middle age when she begins to yearn to see the son she abandoned when she was seventeen. But if she decides to seek him, will he understand her? Winner of the National Book Critics Circle Award, Kate Vaiden is a penetrating psychological portrait of an ordinary woman in extraordinary circumstances, a story as joyous, tragic, comic and compelling as life itself.
9781857024692 From the acclaimed biographer of The Sisters, the story of one of the most remarkable women of the 19th century, who traveled far and wide on a quest for true love Produced from Jane Digby's diaries, this sympathetic and dramatic portrait of a rare woman explores a fascinating glimpse into the centuries-old Bedouin tradition that is now almost lost. A celebrated aristocratic beauty, Jane Digby married Lord Ellenborough at 17. Their divorce a few years later was one of England's most scandalous at that time. In her quest for passionate fulfillment she had lovers which included an Austrian prince, King Ludwig I of Bavaria, and a Greek count whose infidelities drove her to travel Eastern Asia. In Syria, she found the love of her life, a Bedouin nobleman, Sheikh Medjuel el Mezrab, who was 20 years her junior. During the remainder of her life she adopted for six months of each year the exotic but uniquely harsh existence of a desert nomad living in the famous black goathair tents of Arabia; the remaining months she spent in the splendid palace she built for herself and Medjuel in Damascus. As wife to the Sheikh and mother to his tribe this passionate woman found not only genuine fulfillment but further adventures, all of which she committed each year to her diary.
"9780226204192 Set in 1930s Calcutta, this is a roman á clef of remarkable intimacy. Originally published in Romanian in 1933, this semiautobiographical novel by the world renowned scholar Mircea Eliade details the passionate awakenings of Alain, an ambitious young French engineer flush with colonial pride and prejudice and full of a European fascination with the mysterious subcontinent. Offered the hospitality of a senior Indian colleague, Alain grasps at the chance to discover the authentic India firsthand. He soon finds himself enchanted by his host's daughter, the lovely and inscrutable Maitreyi, a precocious young poet and former student of Tagore. What follows is a charming, tentative flirtation that soon, against all the proprieties and precepts of Indian society, blossoms into a love affair both impossible and ultimately tragic. This erotic passion plays itself out in Alain's thoughts long after its bitter conclusion. In hindsight he sets down the story, quoting from the diaries of his disordered days, and trying to make sense of the sad affair. A vibrantly poetic love story, Bengal Nights is also a cruel account of the wreckage left in the wake of a young man's self discovery. At once horrifying and deeply moving, Eliade's story repeats the patterns of European engagement with India even as it exposes and condemns them. Invaluable for the insight it offers into Eliade's life and thought, it is a work of great intellectual and emotional power. ""Bengal Nights is forceful and harshly poignant, written with a great love of India informed by clear-eyed understanding. But do not open it if you prefer to remain unmoved by your reading matter. It is enough to make stones weep."" — Literary Review Mircea Eliade (1907-1986) was the Sewell L. Avery Distinguished Service Professor in the Divinity School and the Committee on Social Thought at the University of Chicago. Many of his scholarly works, as well as his two-volume autobiography and four-volume journal, are published by the University of Chicago Press. Translated into French in 1950, Bengal Nights was an immediate critical success. The film, Les Nuits Bengali, appeared in 1987."
9780743463089 When cryptic notes featuring patterns of eight black horses are delivered to Steve Carello, and a sudden rise in corpses occurs, the cops of the 87th Precinct realize the Deaf Man is back with a vengeance.
9780425188224 Best friends Tom Flanagan and Del Nightingale, apprentices to a master magician, enter a dark realm of immeasurable evil, more ancient than death itself, where only one of them will survive.
9780809015450 The Transcendence of the Ego may be regarded as a turning-point in the philosophical development of Jean-Paul Sartre. Prior to the writing of this essay, published in France in 1937, Sartre had been intimately acquainted with the phenomenological movement which originated in Germany with Edmund Husserl. It is a fundamental tenet of Husserl, the notion of a transcendent ego, which is here attacked by Sartre. This disagreement with Husserl has great importance for Sartre and facilitated the transition from phenomenology to the doctrine of Being and Nothingness.
"9780330340328 In AD 2600 the human race is finally beginning to realize its full potential. Hundreds of colonized planets scattered across the galaxy host a multitude of prosperous and wildly diverse cultures. Genetic engineering has pushed evolution far beyond nature's boundaries, defeating disease and producing extraordinary spaceborn creatures. Huge fleets of sentient trader starships thrive on the wealth created by the industrialization of entire star systems. And throughout inhabited space the Confederation Navy keeps the peace. A true golden age is within our grasp. But now something has gone catastrophically wrong. On a primitive colony planet a renegade criminal's chance encounter with an utterly alien entity unleashes the most primal of all our fears. An extinct race which inhabited the galaxy aeons ago called it ""The Reality Dysfunction."" It is the nightmare which has prowled beside us since the beginning of history. 'Absolute vintage science-fiction. Hamilton puts British sci-fi back into interstellar overdrive' ""The Times"""
"9780316016650 ""If you step through after Harkat, you might never come back. Is your friend worth such an enormous risk?"" Darren and Harkat face monstrous obstacles on their desperate quest to the Lake of Souls. Will they survive the savage journey? And what awaits them in the murky waters of the dead? Be careful what you fish for..."
9780060959036 Barbara Kingsolver's fifth novel is a hymn to wildness that celebrates the prodigal spirit of human nature, and of nature itself. It weaves together three stories of human love within a larger tapestry of lives amid the mountains and farms of southern Appalachia. Over the course of one humid summer, this novel's intriguing protagonists face disparate predicaments but find connections to one another and to the flora and fauna with which they necessarily share a place.
"9780976631156 Clown Girl lives in Baloneytown, a seedy neighborhood where drugs, balloon animals, and even rubber chickens contribute to the local currency. Against a backdrop of petty crime, she struggles to live her dreams, calling on cultural masters Charlie Chaplin, Kafka, and da Vinci for inspiration. In an effort to support herself and her layabout performance-artist boyfriend, Clown Girl finds herself unwittingly transformed into a ""corporate clown,"" trapping herself in a cycle of meaningless, high-paid gigs that veer dangerously close to prostitution. Monica Drake has created a novel that riffs on the high comedy of early film stars — most notably Chaplin and W. C. Fields — to raise questions of class, gender, economics, and prejudice. Resisting easy classification, this debut novel blends the bizarre, the humorous, and the gritty with stunning skill."
9780851115191 (NSBT) Andreas Kstenberger and Peter O'Brien offer a comprehensive biblical theology of missions, covering the Old Testament, Second Temple Period and the New Testament. Part of the New Studies in Biblical Theology series.
"9780349100135 With the moral stamina and intellectual pose of a twentieth-century Titan, this slightly built, duitful, unassuming chemist set out systematically to remember the German hell on earth, steadfastly to think it through, and then to render it comprehensible in lucid, unpretentious prose. He was profoundly in touch with the minutest workings of the most endearing human events and with the most contempible. What has survived in Levi's writing isn't just his memory of the unbearable, but also, in THE PERIODIC TABLE and THE WRENCH, his delight in what made the world exquisite to him. He was himself a ""magically endearing man, the most delicately forceful enchanter I've ever known"" - PHILIP ROTH"
"9780345477606 A comprehensive overview of alien beings from the ""Star Wars"" universe provides a physical description of the beings, a description of their homeworld, and where and when they appeared in the Star Wars films, novels, cartoon series, comic books, or videogames."
9780812590104 A sequel to The Shadow of Ararat finds Prince Maxian, having raised both Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great from the dead, considering how to use them to free Rome from the curse of the Oath; while the new Palmyra queen Zoe vows revenge. Reprint.
9780385491051 A woman searching for her missing father travels with her lover and another couple to a remote island in northern Quebec, where they encounter violence and death
9780684865522 The author of The Same River Twice recalls his painful but ultimately revealing attempt to return home to the rural hills of Kentucky to give back to his hometown community and to record the personal story of his parents-in-law, Holocaust survivors who had emigrated from Poland in 1946. Reprint.
9780345396532 Banished from Paranor because of his study of forbidden arcane arts, the Druid Bremen discovers that Brona, the evil Warlock Lord, and his dark forces are once again on the move, destroying everything in their path, and only a powerful weapon wielded by a united Four Lands can stop them. Reissue.
9780446616416 Kitty Norville is a midnight-shift DJ for a Denver radio station-and a werewolf in the closet. Sick of lame song requests, she accidentally starts 'The Midnight Hour', a late-night advice show for the supernaturally disadvantaged. After desperate vampires, werewolves, and witches across the country begin calling in to share their woes, her new show is a raging success. But it's Kitty who can use some help. With one sexy werewolf-hunter and a few homicidal undead on her tail, Kitty may have bitten off more than she can chew...
9780231124270 Liquid Metal brings together 'seminal' essays that have opened up the study of science fiction to serious critical interrogation. Eight distinct sections cover such topics as the cyborg in science fiction; the science fiction city; time travel and the primal scene; science fiction fandom; and the 1950s invasion narratives. Important writings by Susan Sontag, Vivian Sobchack, Steve Neale, J.P. Telotte, Peter Biskind and Constance Penley are included.
9780060885458 During their first four years of marriage, Laura and Almanzo Wilder have a child and fight a losing battle in their attempts to succeed at farming on the South Dakota prairie. Reissue.
9781892389381 Iain M. Banks' only short-story collection, never before published in the US. Contents: * Road of Skulls * A Gift from the Culture * Odd Attachment * Descendant * Cleaning Up * Piece * The State of the Art * Scratch * A Few Notes On the Culture Skyhorse Publishing, under our Night Shade and Talos imprints, is proud to publish a broad range of titles for readers interested in science fiction (space opera, time travel, hard SF, alien invasion, near-future dystopia), fantasy (grimdark, sword and sorcery, contemporary urban fantasy, steampunk, alternative history), and horror (zombies, vampires, and the occult and supernatural), and much more. While not every title we publish becomes a New York Times bestseller, a national bestseller, or a Hugo or Nebula award-winner, we are committed to publishing quality books from a diverse group of authors.
9780060652920 A forceful and accessible discussion of Christian belief that has become one of the most popular introductions to Christianity and one of the most popular of Lewis's books. Uncovers common ground upon which all Christians can stand together.
9780679730613 An inside look at the multibillion-dollar music industry examines the business practices of the big record labels and includes profiles of the kingpins of the industry
9780237525378 This wonderful series is a quick way into a range of exciting stories, from the chilling tale of Frankenstein, to the gripping adventure of Treasure Island and the powerful animal story of Call of the Wild. Fast-moving and accessible, each story is a shortened, dramatically illustrated version of the classic novel, which loses none of the strength and flavour of the original.
9781594160004 Through first-hand accounts, chronicles the story of the legendary thoroughbred from his birth in Kentucky to his victory at Santa Anita, including anecdotes about the horse and those who cared for him.
9781582293080 Forensic entomologist Nick Polchak (a.k.a. the Bug Man) is hired by 30-year-old Kathryn Guilford, who is terrified of bugs, to solve her friend's death. When Polchak stumbles into the mystery of how Kathryn's husband was killed years earlier, Polchak finds himself on the run with his client from someone who will do anything to keep a secret.
9781400031658 After a decade of spending a delightful summer week at their country house in New Hampshire, the members of the extended Seton family are confronted by a terrible accident, testing the values and relationships that hold them together.
9780590422673 Chris Palmer is always competing with his brother, a star athlete. During a skiing trip, his rifle sets off a thundering avalanche, leaving Chris buried alive under a mountain of snow.
9780060510862 Drafted into the ranks of Earth's interstellar warriors, private William Mandella finds his fight against the Taurans secondary to the side-effects of faster-than-light space travel, which affects the rate at which he ages. Winner of the Hugo and Nebula Awards. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
9780141439518 In early nineteenth-century England, a spirited young woman copes with the suit of a snobbish gentleman, as well as the romantic entanglements of her four sisters.
9780330444576 Dwight is only twenty-eight, but he's having a midlife crisis. Of course, living a dissolute, dorm like existence in a tiny apartment and working in tech support at Pfizer - are not especially conducive to wisdom. His biggest problem: a chronic inability to make up his mind. Encouraged by one of his roommates, he swallows the first fateful pill.
9780571202805 The candid filmaker turns his his vision inward to explore the motivation behind Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Fisher King, Twelve Monkeys, and other groundbreaking films. Original.
"9780192806949 Collects some of the author's Christmas stories, including ""A Christmas Carol,"" in which a miser learns the true meaning of Christmas when three ghostly visitors review his past and foretell his future."
9780140447804 The Consolation of Philosophy is perhaps unique in the nature and extent of its influence on Western thinking. An eminent public figure under the Gothic emperor Theodoric, Boethius (c. A D 475-525) was also an exceptional Greek scholar and it was to the Greek philosophers that he turned when he fell from favour and was imprisoned in Pavia. Written in the period leading up to his brutal execution, it is a dialogue of alternating prose and verse between the ailing prisoner and his 'nurse' Philosophy, whose instruction on the nature of fortune and happiness, good and evil, fate and free will, restore his health and bring him to enlightenment. The clarity of Boethius's thought and his breadth of vision made The Consolation of Philosophy hugely popular throughout medieval Europe and his ideas suffused the thought of Chaucer and Dante. This translation makes it accessible to the modern reader while losing nothing of Boethius's poetic artistry and philosophical brilliance.
9780195325928 Mathematics and logic have been central topics of concern since the dawn of philosophy. Since logic is the study of correct reasoning, it is a fundamental branch of epistemology and a priority in any philosophical system. Philosophers have focused on mathematics as a case study for general philosophical issues and for its role in overall knowledge- gathering. Today, philosophy of mathematics and logic remain central disciplines in contemporary philosophy, as evidenced by the regular appearance of articles on these topics in the best mainstream philosophical journals; in fact, the last decade has seen an explosion of scholarly work in these areas. This volume covers these disciplines in a comprehensive and accessible manner, giving the reader an overview of the major problems, positions, and battle lines. The 26 contributed chapters are by established experts in the field, and their articles contain both exposition and criticism as well as substantial development of their own positions. The essays, which are substantially self-contained, serve both to introduce the reader to the subject and to engage in it at its frontiers. Certain major positions are represented by two chapters--one supportive and one critical. The Oxford Handbook of Philosophy of Math and Logic is a ground-breaking reference like no other in its field. It is a central resource to those wishing to learn about the philosophy of mathematics and the philosophy of logic, or some aspect thereof, and to those who actively engage in the discipline, from advanced undergraduates to professional philosophers, mathematicians, and historians.
9780425204191 When an enzyme capable of prolonging life is discovered deep beneath the North Atlantic, NUMA Special Assignments Team leader Kurt Austin and his colleague, Joe Zavala, investigate a killer who is targeting the enzyme's harvesters and researchers. Reprint.
9781933633107 In this illustrated personal history, Kitty Burns Florey explores the rise and fall of sentence diagramming, including its invention by a mustachioed man named Brainerd 'Brainy' Kellogg and his wealthy accomplice Alonzo Reed - the inferior 'balloon diagram' predecessor - and what diagrams of sentences by Hemingway, Welty, Proust, Kerouac and other famous writers reveal about them. Florey also answers some of literature's most pressing questions: Was Mark Twain or James Fenimore Cooper a better grammarian? What are the silliest grammar rules?
"9781894925020 The classic pamphlet. A how-to guide, tried and tested by countless groups across the world. An important document for anyone vaguely inquisitive, or seriously interested. Written by the Brazilian as a reaction to the failure of Guevara and the rural guerillas. This new edition includes two other documents by Marighella - Problems And Principles Of Strategy And Questions Of Organization, a 1970 interview with liberated Brazilian political prisoners, and a chronology of the guerilla struggle in Brazil from 1964-73. ""It is better to err acting than to do nothing for fear of erring. Without initiative there is no guerilla warfare."""
9780061094224 Chuck Chandler, a Key West tennis pro, tends to choke in his big matches, a tendency he must overcome when he meets Harry Carras and his beautiful wife Clare, and becomes a suspect in Harry's death
9780140297973 Frank Kermode has often said that much of his best work has been done at shorter length, in the essays he has written on a very wide range of subjects for literary journals of one kind or another. This volume brings together a selection of these pieces that have been written since the 1990s, on topics as diverse as Donne, Yeats, Howard Hodgkin, gnosticism, the sea and money, as well as futher thoughts on Shakespeare.
9781400032051 Describes how recent archaeological research has transformed long-held myths about the Americas, revealing far older and more advanced cultures with a greater population than were previously thought to have existed.
"9781593851170 ""Comprehensive and up to date, this tightly edited volume belongs on the desks of researchers and students in developmental psychology, comparative psychology, animal behavior, and evolutionary psychology, and will also be of interest to anthropologists. It is a richly informative text for advanced undergraduate- and graduate-level courses.""--BOOK JACKET."
9780099460176 Lestat is back with a vengeance and in thrall to Rowan Mayfair. Both demon and angel, he is drawn to kill but tempted by goodness as he moves among the pantheon of Anne Rice's unforgettable characters. Julien Mayfair, his tormentor; Rowan, witch and neurosurgeon, who attracts spirits to herself, casts spells on others and finds herself dangerously drawn to Lestat; Patsy, country and western singer, who was killed by Quinn Blackwood and dumped in a swamp; Ash Templeton, a 5,000 year old Taltos whose genes live on in the Mayfairs. Now, Lestat fights to save Patsy's ghost from the dark realms of the Earthbound, to uncover the mystery of the Taltos and to decide the fate of Rowan Mayfair. Both of Anne Rice's irresistible realms - the worlds of Blackwood Farm and the Mayfair Witches - collide as Lestat struggles between his lust for blood and the quest for life, between gratification and redemption.
"9780349106717 ""Hobsbawm divides the century into the Age of Catastrophe, 1914-1945; the Golden Age, 1947-1973; and the Landslide, 1973-1991 and moves data into an era whose revolutions have transformed us more thoroughly than in any period--Publisher's description."
9780679725404 The Nigerian playwright, poet, and novelist recounts his first eleven years growing up under the influence of his parents, traditional Yoruba customs, and Christian missionaries
9781857239706 As a Knight of the Word, John Ross has struggled against the tireless dark forces of the Void for twenty-five years. Ross is driven by dreams that show the world reduced to blood and ashes by the Void and its minions. But for all his power, John Ross is only one man, while the demons he battles are legion. Then Ross learns of the birth of a gypsy morph, a rare and dangerous creature formed of wild magics. If he can discover its secret, the morph will be an invaluable weapon against the Void. But the Void also knows the value of the morph, and will not rest until the creature has been corrupted - or destroyed. Desperate, Ross turns to Nest Freemark, a young woman with magical abilities of her own. And there they prepare to face an ancient evil beyond anything they have ever encountered. Look out for more information on this book and others on the Orbit website at www.orbitbooks.co.uk
9780671722074 A strange pall has settled over Alanda. Everywhere representatives of the Church seek to ferret out unauthorized magic -- and music, because it is magic at its roots, has come under suspicion. And that which is suspect, if it cannot be crushed altogether, must be stripped of its mystery, made tame and answerable to the power of the priests. Throughout the lands the Free Bards, those who will not or cannot join the priest-condoned Guild, are being driven away. But all who are Free are free to choose: to flee or to fight.
9780785114932 The deadliest agent in the Marvel Universe has finally gotten out of the spy game, and she's not asking for much, just a life of her own. When a sudden assassination attempt provides a harsh reality check, the former Soviet agent tracks a string of international killings that will lead her back to a Russia she can barely recognize. Collects Black Widow #1-6.
9780563522751 Was medieval England full of knights on horseback rescuing fainting damsels in distress? Were the Middle Ages mired in superstition and ignorance? Why does nobody ever mention King Louis the First and Last? And, of course, those key questions: which monks were forbidden the delights of donning underpants... and did outlaws never wear trousers? Terry Jones and Alan Ereira are your guides to this most misrepresented and misunderstood period, and they point you to things that will surprise and provoke. Did you know, for example, that medieval people didn't think the world was flat? That was a total fabrication by an American journalist in the 19th century. Did you know that they didn't burn witches in the Middle Ages? That was a refinement of the so-called Renaissance. In fact, medieval kings weren't necessarily merciless tyrants, and peasants entertained at home using French pottery and fine wine. Terry Jones' Medieval Lives reveals Medieval Britain as you have never seen it before - a vibrant society teeming with individuality, intrigue and innovation.
"9780060975005 A national bestseller, voted by Time as the #1 novel of 1991, selected as one of the ""Best Books of 1991"" by Publishers Weekly, and nominated for a National Book Critics Circle Award--a magnificent story that probes the meaning of love, science, music, and art, by the brilliant author of Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance."
9780373832712 Business takes a back seat to romance when accountant Richard Parker encounters Emily Tate, an advertising executive running a new ad campaign for a sensual new perfume called Sizzle. Original.
"9780471780939 Praise for The Power of an Hour ""The master at getting what you want from others now tells us how to get what we want from ourselves! This is really a great book, and I recommend it highly-for you, for your team, and for your children."" -Bob Burg, author, Endless Referrals ""If you want to make predictable, systematic change in your life or your business, buy this book. Each chapter is a stand-alone system that results in powerful change . . . fast."" -David Hancock, The Entrepreneurial Publisher, CEO, Morgan James Publishing ""Dave's methods helped me take my business from $0 to $10 million in sales.If you're a creative business owner who wants total focus and massive success, run, don't walk, and get this book!"" -Stephanie Frank, author, The Accidental Millionaire ""The Power of an Hour is a mighty powerful way to sort out your financesby first sorting out yourself!"" -Mark Joyner, #1 bestselling author, The Irresistible Offer ""The disease of the twenty-first century, no matter who you are or what you do,is Time Deficit Disorder. Dave Lakhani offers a brilliant solution in this book.Get it and take the cure-you'll be surprised how much better you feel!"" -David Garfinkel, author, Customers on Demand"
9780060278427 Though best known as the author of the Little House books, Laura Ingalls Wilder led a full, rich life that spanned almost a century of American history. All through her life Laura saved mementos of her past, including early writings, letters, drawings, and photographs, which have been lovingly preserved in private and public collections across the country. Now, for the first time ever, these photographs, writings, and memorabilia have been gathered together in one incredible volume by noted Little House historian William Anderson. Each gorgeous page of LAURA'S ALBUM is a doorway into the private world of Laura Ingalls Wilder, and offers a unique glimpse of what her life was like. Here is the fascinating true story of this remarkable pioneer woman's life as well as an unforgettable tale of our own American past.
9780375702976 A compelling portrait of one of America's leading literary luminaries chronicles the life and career of the quintessentially American author Herman Melville, tracing his life and literary career to uncover autobiographical elements in his diverse works, discussing the historical and cultural implications of his writing, and assessing his accomplishments as a writer. Reprint. 17,500 first printing.
"9780330419581 Inspired by the description of Bolivia's San Pedro Prison in the ""Lonely Planet"" guidebook, Young decided to spend four months listening to inmate McFadden and learning about one of the strangest places on earth."
9780753806791 This book completetly changes the established and conventional view of prehistory by relocating the Lost Eden—the world's first civilisation—to Southeast Asia. At the end of the Ice Age, Southeast Asia formed a continent twice the size of India, which included Indochina, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Borneo. In Eden in the East, Stephen Oppenheimer puts forward the astonishing argument that here in southeast Asia—rather than in Mesopotamia where it is usually placed—was the lost civilization that fertilized the Great cultures of the Middle East 6,000 years ago. He produces evidence from ethnography, archaeology, oceanography, creation stories, myths, linguistics, and DNA analysis to argue that this founding civilization was destroyed by a catastrophic flood, caused by a rapid rise in the sea level at the end of the last ice age.
"9780060833176 A chronicle of the breathtaking exploits of ""Half-Cocked Jack"" Shaftoe -- London street urchin-turned-legendary swashbuckling adventurer -- risking life and limb for fortune and love while slowly maddening from the pox. . . and Eliza, rescued by Jack from a Turkish harem to become spy, confidante, and pawn of royals in order to reinvent a contentious continent through the newborn power of finance."
9780140447262 Through their sheer range, daring innovation, flawed but eloquent characters and intriguing plots, the plays of Euripides have shocked and stimulated audiences since the fifth century BC. Phoenician Women portrays the rival sons of King Oedipus and their mother�s doomed attempts at reconciliation, while Orestes shows a son ravaged with guilt after the vengeful murder of his mother. In the Bacchae, a king mistreats a newcomer to his land, little knowing that he is the god Dionysus disguised as a mortal, while in Iphigenia at Aulis, the Greek leaders take the horrific decision to sacrifice a princess to gain favour from the gods in their mission to Troy. Finally, the Rhesus depicts a world of espionage between the warring Greek and Trojan camps.
"9780975323113 Gardening. Environmental Studies. Photographs by Saxon Holt. Illustrations by Richard Pembroke. This lavishly illustrated book celebrates the challenges and opportunities of gardening in Mediterranean climates, with special reference to northern California's San Francisco Bay Region. The core of the book is a catalog of more than 650 plants suited to regions with mild, usually wet winters and dry, often hot summers. These plants thrive with moderate to no summer irrigation when established, require little or no maintenance, and are reasonably available from nurseries, botanic gardens, native plant sales, or specialty seed suppliers. Many of the 542 color photographs show plants in garden settings to suggest attractive and compatible plant combinations. Summary charts provide information on each plant, such as bloom time, needs for water and sun, and preferences for coastal or inland microclimates. Lists suggest plants for special situations, such as hot sites, dryish shade, small gardens, and clay soils. Chapters on landscape design and maintenance inspire readers to make gardens that use little water and no harmful chemicals, with a focus on building healthy soil. Practical steps to successful design are supplemented with ideas for designing with microclimate, attracting wildlife, and fire safety. Sidebars by local experts discuss weather, natural landscapes, design solutions, and gardening with recycled water. ""A valuable resource for climate-compatible gardening in the San Franciso Bay Area that will also be of interest to gardeners in other parts of the world with a similar seasonal pattern of winter rain and dry summers. This book will occupy a prominent place in my library for many years to come.""—Katherine Greenberg, president Mediterranean Garden Society ""This book is beautifully designed with abundant photographs of plants, many in garden settings, and it is packed with the kind of information gardeners need for their own special situations. Simply stunning! Bravo!""—Phyllis M. Faber, editor University of California Press"
9780771065262 Fictitious stories about members of the Laidlaw family, from their days in Scotland in the eighteenth century through the lives of some of them in Ontario, following their arrival in Canada in the early nineteenth century.
"9780446698221 The ""gonzo"" political journalist presents his frankly subjective observations on the personalities and political machinations of the 1972 presidential campaign, in a new edition of the classic account of the dark side of American politics. Reprint."
9780671878849 Complete at last in one volume--the beginning of the war against the berserkers! The death machines are programmed to destroy all life in the Galaxy. But one branch of Galactic humanity, descended from a world called Earth, stands in the way.
9780807085738 Traveling to more than thirty countries to define the scientific, economic, and historical dimensions of the water crisis, offers a solution based on managing the water cycle for the maximum social good, rather than pure self-interest.
9780716799566 Economics: European Edition is the ideal text for introductory economics, bringing together an international scope of real world examples and economic theory. The text is supported by a number of features to enhance student understanding as well as supplements to consolidate the learning process.
9780816639823 One of the few classic works of South American travel, now available in paperback with a new foreword by Jeffrey Meyers and additional photographs by Isherwood's lover, Bill Caskey. Isherwood frankly depicts the squalor and discomforts of his journey--as he wrote he was very skeptical about the book but later came to regard it as one of his best.
9780971316829 Photography and historical information about the places and faces featured in the Betsy-Tacy Deep Valley books. Includes a removable map containing a walking or driving tour of the locations featured in the books, bibliographies of books by Maud Hart Lovelace, a list of characters and their real-life counterparts, and a membership application for the Betsy-Tacy Society.
9780553583168 Inspector Ian Rutledge of Scotland Yard arrives in the Norfolk port of Osterley to investigate the murder of the local Catholic priest, who had attended the deathbed of Herbert Baker, a Protestant who had demanded to see a Catholic priest as he lay dying.
9781933045252 Citing a harrowing lack of adequate shelter and utilities for nearly half the planet's population, a compendium of innovative architectural projects from around the world features more than 80 ideas designed to address specific urgent needs in desperately underprivileged areas.
9780375752339 In the standard English translation of the second volume, first published in 1920, of the classic French novel, the narrator is introduced to the characters of Parisian high society thanks to the Duc and Duchesse de Guermantes. Original. 12,500 first printing.
9780786808069 Children will discover the exciting world of their own backyard in this introduction to familiar animals from cats and dogs to bugs and frogs. The combination of photographs, illustrations, and fun facts make this an accessible and delightful learning experience.
9780449218471 In 1897, four English aristocrats and their Irish servant hazard their lives along with thousands of others in a vain, arduous trek across the Arctic in search of Klondike gold. By the author of the best-seller, Mexico. Reprint.
9780060732707 Ponies know how to have fun! A game of hide-and-seek is the perfectpastime on a beautiful afternoon. But when Sparkleworks is nowhere to be found, the ponies decide to turn the tables and make her find them.
9780141013954 William Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice is both a witty comedy and a moving exploration of bigotry and stigmatisation, and this Penguin Shakespeare edition is edited by W. Moelwyn Merchant with an introduction by Peter Holland. 'The quality of mercy is not strain'd, It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven' Bassanio, a noble but impoverished Venetian, asks his friend the merchant Antonio for a loan to impress an heiress. Antonio agrees, but is forced to borrow the sum from a cynical Jewish moneylender, Shylock, who forces him into a chilling contract, which stipulates he must honour the debt with a pound of his own flesh. But Bassanio's beloved is not as demure as she seems, and disguising herself as a lawyer, Portia proves herself one of Shakespeare's most cunning heroines, in a witty attack on Shylock's claim. A complex and controversial comedy, The Merchant of Venice explores prejudice and the true nature of justice. This book contains a general introduction to Shakespeare's life and Elizabethan theatre, a separate introduction to The Merchant of Venice, a chronology, suggestions for further reading, an essay discussing performance options on both stage and screen, and a commentary. William Shakespeare (1564-1616) was born to John Shakespeare and Mary Arden some time in late April 1564 in Stratford-upon-Avon. He wrote about 38 plays (the precise number is uncertain), many of which are regarded as the most exceptional works of drama ever produced, including Romeo and Juliet (1595), Henry V (1599), Hamlet (1601), Othello (1604), King Lear (1606) and Macbeth (1606), as well as a collection of 154 sonnets, which number among the most profound and influential love-poetry in English. If you enjoyed The Merchant of Venice, you might like The Taming of the Shrew, also available in Penguin Shakespeare. 'The man who of all modern, and perhaps ancient poets, had the largest and most comprehensive soul' John Dryden
9780099307914 What If A Look-Alike Stranger Stole Your Name, Usurped Your Biography, And Went About The World Pretending To Be You? In His Extraordinary New Book, His Most Ingenious And Original Work Since The Counterlife, Phillip Roth Confronts His Double, An Imposter Whose Self-Appointed Task Is To Lead The Jews Out Of Israel And Back To Europe, A Moses In Reverse And A Monstrous Nemesis To The 'Real' Philip Roth. Suspensful, Hilarious Hugely Impassioned, Pulsing With Intelligence And Narrative Energy, Operaton Shylock Is At Once A Spy Story, A Political Thriller, A Meditation On Identity, And A Confession.
9780965429900 Jane Austen's story of Elizabeth Bennet Darcy ends with Elizabeth's marriage. The Baders continue her story as wife, mother and confidante to her sister in law, Georgiana. Set in the years 1805-1816, the story tells the romantic adventures of beautiful, shy, devout Georgiana. Along the way, issues of duty and desire, in marriage and in one's relationship to God, are presented.
"9780486437552 Hegel wrote this classic as an introduction to a series of lectures on the ""philosophy of history."" With this work, he created the history of philosophy as a scientific study. He reveals philosophical theory as neither an accident nor an artificial construct, but as an exemplar of its age."
9780719071157 Neither naively optimistic nor hopelessley pessimistic, this collection of writings by experts on the history of the troubles in Northern Ireland paints a realistic picture of the peace processes that have dotted the province's landscape.
9781581344493 Arranged as a series of meditations on selected passages from one of the Bible's most beloved books, this book is for Christians who, like Job, are experiencing deep suffering and a sense of separation from God.
9780141007472 Setting the record straight about her life as a novelist (less glitz and glamour than sitting alone in a darkened bedroom with a laptop in front of her) Marian Keyes here presents a selection of her articles. These regular bulletins from a woman under the duvet include unpublished pieces.
9780743437493 Jack Torrance sees his stint as winter caretaker of a Colorado hotel as a way back from failure, his wife sees it as a chance to preserve their family, and their five-year-old son sees the evil waiting just for them, as they journey into a world in which old horrors come to life to destroy the living. Reprint.
9780226329659 Winner of the 2005 Harold Morton Landon Translation Award from the Academy of American Poets. In Works of Hesiod and the Homeric Hymns, highly acclaimed poet and translator Daryl Hine brings to life the words of Hesiod and the world of Archaic Greece. While most available versions of these early Greek writings are rendered in prose, Hine's illuminating translations represent these early classics as they originally appeared, in verse. Since prose was not invented as a literary medium until well after Hesiod's time, presenting these works as poems more closely approximates not only the mechanics but also the melody of the originals. This volume includes Hesiod's Works and Days and Theogony, two of the oldest non-Homeric poems to survive from antiquity. Works and Days is in part a farmer's almanac—filled with cautionary tales and advice for managing harvests and maintaining a good work ethic—and Theogony is the earliest comprehensive account of classical mythology—including the names and genealogies of the gods (and giants and monsters) of Olympus, the sea, and the underworld. Hine brings out Hesiod's unmistakable personality; Hesiod's tales of his escapades and his gritty and persuasive voice not only give us a sense of the author's own character but also offer up a rare glimpse of the everyday life of ordinary people in the eighth century BCE. In contrast, the Homeric Hymns are more distant in that they depict aristocratic life in a polished tone that reveals nothing of the narrators' personalities. These hymns (so named because they address the deities in short invocations at the beginning and end of each) are some of the earliest examples of epyllia, or short stories in the epic manner in Greek. This volume unites Hine's skillful translations of the Works of Hesiod and the Homeric Hymns—along with Hine's rendering of the mock-Homeric epic The Battle of the Frogs and the Mice—in a stunning pairing of these masterful classics.
9780452286030 On the eve of her marriage, Elena Michaels learns that her fiance has been concealing his secret life as a werewolf, and, as a bonus, he has made her into one also.
9781569709078 Despite being as different as boys can be, outgoing Yuki Kojima and mature misfit Atsushi Nakahara find themselves attracted to each other and begin a journey of sexual exploration together.
9780811201322 Introduced by a discussion of Owen's poetry and early life, this edition includes youthful and minor verses and the war poems based on manuscripts in the British Museum
9781595820143 The adventures of Vampire Hunter D continue! Vampires: murderous creatures in the shape of humans, they stalk the night feeding on the blood of innocents. Seemingly immortal, they can be destroyed only by the use of a stake through the heart, severing of their heads, or exposure to sunlight. By the year 12, 090 A.D. vampires have ruled the Earth for almost 300 years, and it is only these weaknesses that have kept these foul monsters from totally overrunning the world. But what happens when those rules no longer apply? The village of Tsepesh sits in the eternal shadow of an abandoned castle, a onetime stronghold of the Nobility, the vampire lords who rule the devastated wasteland of the future. Ten years ago four children disappeared while playing near the castle, only to mysteriously reappear a month later. Now vampires have begun to hunt in the daylight. Are the two events connected? The villagers turn to the vampire hunter known only as D, but as he follows the children, now adults, the answers he finds may be more terrifying than anything he could ever imagine. FOR MATURE READERS
9780156030168 As Yohanan Rivlin, a professor at Haifa University, embarks on research into turbulent recent Algerian history, with the help of one of his students, a young Arab bride from a Galilee village, he becomes obsessed with his son's failed marriage. Reprint. 35,000 first printing.
9781400077809 Young Albert Einstein's dreams are imagined in a book that joins science and art to ponder such questions as the viscosity and flexibility of time. Reissue.
9781840224535 Tolstoy wrote many masterly short stories, and this volume contains four of the longest and best in distinguished translations that have stood the test of time.
"9780786647972 This encyclopedia is designed to provide mandolin players with a wide variety of chords in different voicings. This book is intended as both a starting point of learning chord voicings and patterns, as well as a dictionary of common mandolin chords. Each key section includes the first position scale for that key, as well as the chord formula and notes for each chord. If you want to learn to be a bluegrass rhythm player it helps to have a guide or 'map' to take you through the initial learning stage. This book provides a small but powerful set of starter chords used in this style of music. Once these chords are learned, you'll be able to jam with other musicians in no time. These are the same chords used by greats like Bill Monroe, Doyle Lawson, David Grisman and hundreds of other bluegrass players in this genre. While there are only a few chords presented in the ""map"" section, they form the foundation of bluegrass mandolin and with them you can play literally thousands of songs in every key. Chords are presented by key."
9781569709801 When high school students Wataru Fujii and Yuichi Kazuki accidentally switch rings, they find that their rings pair up, and they try to sort out their feelings for each other to decide if they are enemies or soulmates.
9780330301749 When Bill comes home with a strange guest it proves to be the beginning of an adventure involving a travelling circus and a castle with secret passages.
9781400079094 A single mother and writer grappling alone with the problems of a newborn baby presents a vivid account of the confusion, joys, sorrows, and struggles of the first year in her son's life. Reprint. 20,000 first printing.
9781595820310 The novel that was the basis for the hit motion picture Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlustis available in English for the first time! The third volume of the popular Japanese series Vampire Hunter D comes to America in Vampire Hunter D: Demon Deathchase. The vampire hunter known only as D has been hired by a wealthy, dying man to find his daughter, who was kidnapped by the powerful vampire Lord Meierlink. Though humans speak well of Meierlink, the price on his head is too high for D to ignore and he sets out to save her before she can be turned into an undead creature of the night. In the nightmare world of 12090 A.D., finding Meierlink before he reaches the spaceport in the Clayborn States and gets off the planet will be hard enough, but D has more than just Meierlink to worry about. The dying man is taking no chances, and has also enlisted the Marcus family, a renegade clan of four brothers and a sister who don't care who they kill as long as they get paid. Beautiful illustrations by Yoshitaka Amano complement the post-apocalyptic plot, filled with chilling twists. FOR MATURE READERS
9781551668512 After her marriage to Owen Sutherland, a union she hopes will end the rivalry between their families, Angie Townsend finds her honeymoon shattered by a mysterious caller who informs her that her marriage is nothing more than a clever corporate raid devised by her new husband.
9780099448761 Combining an offbeat cast of characters with Murakami's idiosyncratic prose, this novel is an assault on all the senses, a murder mystery that is also philosophical speculation, and a dark fable of advanced capitalism.
9780805063899 The sharp social critic and author of Blood Rites looks underneath the illusion of American prosperity at poverty and hopelessness in America. Reprint. 100,000 first printing.
9780812968378 An autobiography of growing up as an Iranian-American describes the author's family's 1971 move from Iran to Southern California, the members of her diverse family, and their struggle with culture shock.
"9780060511111 Starring everyone's favourite literal–minded housekeeper, Amelia Bedelia Helps Out appears for the first time in full colour and as an I Can Read Book! A neighbor needs Amelia Bedelia's helping hands, so everyone's favorite housekeeper is off to Miss Emma's house for a day of work. It's a good thing Miss Emma likes to laugh, because Amelia Bedelia makes her usual merry mess! "" Available for the first time in full color! "" The zany antics of Amelia Bedelia, one of children's books most lovable characters, have been enjoyed by kids for more than 40 years! "" Herman Parish, nephew to Peggy Parish, who was the original creator of Amelia Bedelia, carries on the tradition of his aunt with new books starring the entertaining housekeeper. Ages 4–8"
"9781904271062 A. R. Humphreyswas Professor of English at Leicester University. He also editedKing Henry IV Part 1and Much Ado About Nothing for the Arden Second Series,King Henry VandKing Henry VIIIfor Penguin, andJulius Caesarfor the Oxford Shakespeare. In the introduction to this Arden edition ofKing Henry IV Part 2, A. R. Humphreys begins by discussing the original publication of the play, the establishing of its date, and the extent to which Shakespeare took liberties with historical facts in 1and2 Henry IV. The editor proceeds to examine the relationship between the twoHenry IVplays, considering historical evidence and previous critical analysis. In the following section, Humphreys analyzes the several probable sources for the play, six of which appear in full in an appendix. Later in the introduction, the editor devotes substantial sections of his own criticism to the play's style and themes, with individual sections dedicated to Falstaff and the infamous scene of his rejection by Prince Hal. Humphreys finally dissects problems of the early texts, going over the nuances of the Quarto and Folio editions and comparing the two. Before the actual text of the play, notes are given on the particularities of this edition and its references and abbreviations. Following the text ofKing Henry IV Part 2are eight appendices: ""Source Material""; ""Hall probably not a Source""; ""II. i. 88: The Singing-Man of Windsor""; ""Justice Shallow and Gloucestershire""; ""Gaultree""; ""The Continuity of Scenes in Act IV, i-ii, and iv-v""; ""IV. v. 20-30: 'Why doth the crown lie there . . .'""; and ""Henry and the Crusade."" The Arden Shakespearehas developed a reputation as the pre-eminent critical edition of Shakespeare for its exceptional scholarship, reflected in the thoroughness of each volume. An introduction comprehensively contextualizes the play, chronicling the history and culture that surrounded and influenced Shakespeare at the time of its writing and performance, and closely surveying critical approaches to the work. Detailed appendices address problems like dating and casting, and analyze the differing Quarto and Folio sources. A full commentary by one or more of the play’s foremost contemporary scholars illuminates the text, glossing unfamiliar terms and drawing from an abundance of research and expertise to explain allusions and significant background information. Highly informative and accessible, Arden offers the fullest experience of Shakespeare available to a reader. Table of Contents Preface INTRODUCTION 1. Publication 2. Date 3. The Extent of Revision (i) Changes of Names (ii) Further Revisions? 4. The Relationship to1 Henry IV 5. The Main Sources (i) Holinshed (ii) Daniel (iii) Stow (iv) Elyot (v)A Myrroure for Magistrates (vi) The “Wild Prince Hal” Stories (vii)The Famous Victories of Henry the Fifth (viii) Other Prince Hal Plays? 6. Themes and their Treatment (i) Richard and Henry (ii) Henry and Necessity (iii) Statecraft and Morality (iv) Miscalculation (v) Anarchy (vi) Age and Disease (vii) Life in Place and Time 7. Falstaff 8. The Rejection 9. The Style and its Functions 10. The Text (i) The Transmission of the Text (ii) The Cuts in the Quarto (iii) The Copy for the Folio (iv) Comparison of the Quarto and Folio Texts (v) The Folio Text independent of the Quarto? (vi) The Folio Text not independent of the Quarto? (vii) The Answer? (viii) The Dering Manuscript 11. Editorial Methods 12. References and Abbreviations THE SECOND PART OF KING HENRY THE FOURTH APPENDICES I. Source Material 1. Holinshed 2. Daniel 3. Stow 4. Elyot 5.The Famous Victories of Henry the Fifth 6. John Eliot:Ortho-epia Gallica II. Hall probably not a Source III. II. i. 88: The Singing-Man of Windsor IV. Justice Shallow and Gloucestershire V. Gaultree VI. The Continuity of Scenes in Act IV, i-ii, and iv-v VII. IV. v. 20-30: “Why doth the crown lie there . . .” VIII. Henry and the Crusade"
9780812216509 What man would murder his daughter to help a fleet get out to sea, or give his wife over to death in his stead? The tragedies in this Penn Greek Drama Series volume are filled with such dramatic conflicts.
9780373802487 Pregnant with Kerrec's child, Valeria, the first woman ever Called, must once again save the Aurelian Empire from its enemies and resist the call of the Unmaking in her soul, while Kerrec, torn between his love for Valeria and his duty to his family, is ordered to make a dynastic marriage to another. Original.
9780679643241 In an effort to draw out the Union Army of the Potomac, the Confederate Army invades the North, and the armies clash in a bloody battle at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, for four days.
9780765308702 The New York Times bestseller A LOVE THAT TRANSCENDS HEAVEN AND HELL What happens to us after we die? Chris Nielsen had no idea, until an unexpected accident cut his life short, separating him from his beloved wife, Annie. Now Chris must discover the true nature of life after death. But even Heaven is not complete without Annie, and when tragedy threatens to divide them forever, Chris risks his very soul to save Annie from an eternity of despair. Richard Matheson's powerful tale of life---and love---after death was the basis for the Oscar-winning film starring Robin Williams.
9781400076192 A successful, happily married neurosurgeon, Henry Perowne is drawn into a confrontation with Baxter, a small-time thug, following a minor motor vehicle accident on the way to his regular squash game, an encounter that has savage consequences when Baxter, believing that the doctor has humiliated him, visits the Perowne home that evening during a family reunion. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 300,000 first printing.
9780393328622 Sixty years after a book's publication, its author remembers his lost love and missing son, while a teenage girl, named for one of the book's characters, seeks her namesake, as well as a cure for her widowed mother's loneliness. By the author of Man Walks Into a Room. Reader's Guide included. Reprint.
9780753814413 Roddy Doyle¿s account of the Republic of Ireland¿s triumphant journey through Italia ¿90 is just one of the many first-class pieces in this anthology of original football writing. Contributors include: Roddy Doyle, Harry Pearson, Harry Ritchie, Ed Horton, Olly Wicken, D.J. Taylor, Huw Richards, Nick Hornby, Chris Pierson, Matt Nation, Graham Brack, Don Watson and Giles Smith. ¿A new kind of football writing developed ¿ passionate, disrespectful, self-mocking, yet steeped in personal bias. In book form, young writers such as Nick Hornby and Pete Davies became to the New Football Writing what Tom Wolfe and Hunter S. Thompson had been to the New Journalism¿ Terence Blacker, Sunday Times
"9780061052392 In the tradition of ""The Wheel of Time, "" this lavishly illustrated work is a definitive reference guide to the fantasy worlds of bestselling authors Weis and Hickman. Illustrations, many in full color."
9781400033850 Describes the influence of a foundling baby sparrow that he rescued on the author's life, his relationship with the bird, his transformation of their home into an indoor aviary, and what his birds have taught him about life, joy, the wonder of all living beings, and the natural world. Reprint. 20,000 first printing.
"9780743222051 Combining the classic ingredients of a murder mystery with elements of horror, apparitions and hairbreadth episodes, ""The Skull Beneath The Skin"" creates a dark and claustrophobic atmosphere in a masterpiece of crime fiction. When leading actress Clarissa Lisle receives threats to her life the young detective, Cordelia Gray, is hired to accompany her to a private island where she is going to star in ""The Duchess Of Malfi."" In this gripping dramatization, the sharp-witted slueth, played by Greta Scaachi, finds herself in the enclosed setting of a chilling country house on an island with a blood-stained history."
9780786809943 After struggling against the gods and his fate for more than twenty years, Odysseus has returned to Ithaca at last. But things have changed: what used to be his island has been overrun by suitors who clamor for his wife's hand in marriage and plague his son, Telemachus. With the help of the gray-eyed goddess, Athena, Odysseus and Telemachus set out to regain control of Ithaca. In the last book of the series based on episodes from Homer's Odyssey, Mary Pope Osborne brings one of the greatest adventures of all time to a dramatic climax.
9780440495048 A free thirteen-year-old black girl in Connecticut is caught up in the horror of the Revolutionary War and the danger of being returned to slavery when her patriot father is killed by the British and her mother disappears.
9780061015625 Fans of Lillian Jackson Braun and Rita Mae Brown and cat lovers everywhere will delight in this newest mystery featuring two furry felines on the scent of a killer. Famous novelist Elliot Traynor is temporarily living in Molena Point. He and his wife don't have much to do with the villagers, which is fine with them since no one particularly likes Vivi. But their arrival has coincided with some peculiar happenings in the town, culminating with a botched burglary in the home of 60–something Susan Brittian. Susan is a friend to feline detectives Joe Grey and Dulcie and they aren't going to let this crime go unpunished. With whiskers twitching they investigate the crime and soon find themselves on the scent of a killer.
9780743264730 The first full biography of Albert Einstein since all of his papers have become available shows how his scientific imagination sprang from the rebellious nature of his personality. Biographer Isaacson explores how an imaginative, impertinent patent clerk-
9781400078004 An updated history of the experts, largely men, who have given professional advice to women makes the point that this advice has been unscientific, arrogant, biased, and generally self-serving and exposes the myths told to women in the name of science. Original.
9780330314916 Set in a small, remote community in rural Tennessee, this book tells of John Wesley Rattner, a young boy, and Marion Sylder, an outlaw and bootlegger who, unbeknownst of either of them, has killed the boy's father. Together with Rattner's Uncle Ather, the three enact a drama.
9780345477361 Millennia before the rise of Darth Vader and Darth Sidious, in an Old Republic marked by an ongoing struggle between the Sidi and Jedi, Darth Bane plots to bring down the Brotherhood of the Sith and to replace it with a more powerful order.
9780778324782 When an attempt is made on her life, museum curator Summer Hawthorne discovers that her ice-blue ceramic bowl is a priceless relic that ignites a global power struggle, trapping her in a war between the Japanese mafia and the neo-imperialists.
"9781595542328 Their whole life was a series of miracles. Can they really hope for one more? And as tragedy pulls their lives apart, can they somehow find that all-important time to embrace? After twenty-one years, John and Abby Reynolds are back together and feeling like newlyweds. Together they are convinced they can handle the issues of their past, the questions from their children, and even the high-school politics that drain the joy from John's coaching career. But then disaster strikes...the type of tragedy John and Abby never expected. The squeal of brakes and the crunch of metal changes everything. Suddenly devastation tears at the heart of their family, and the depth of their existence. In the process, their children falter in their faith and guilt colors everything about the future. Fumbling for forgiveness and hoping for a miracle, John and Abby must remember what is important and cling to that above all else. Together, they're determined to move on with their lives. but is ""together"" enough for a future they never expected?"
"9780552554275 ""High in the crumbling Palace of Statues, oily Vox Verlix - nominally the Most High Academe but no more than a prisoner in reality - is brewing a terrible plot to destroy the goblins and the shrykes at a stroke, leaving him free to ake over once again. Rook Barkwater, a young librarian knight, stumbles upon the truth when he is taken captive and forced to work for Rook. But can Rook foil Vox's plan and save the lives of his librarian collegues? A dramatic and menacing new adventure, illustrated throughout with marvellously imaginative black and white illustrations. """
9780195101287 Discusses Holmes' early life, Civil War experiences, legal career, and thirty years on the U.S. Supreme Court, and presents new information regarding his relationship with Clare Castletown
9780756403454 Biologist Dr. Mackenzie Connor and her disparate band of researchers must unlock the deadly mysteries of the alien Dhryn and the Ro by finding Emily Mamani, who holds the key to infiltrating the Ro and can lead them to the legendary Survivors before their world is hurtled into a region of space devoid of life.
9780812551471 Richard Rahl and Kahlan Amnell must protect the New World from a savage armageddon of war, monsters, and treachery as they battle ancient forces of evil from the Old World. Reprint.
9780156011655 In a story set between North Africa, France, and New England, the Algerian LaBasse family's secrets begin to unravel--a trigger-happy grandfather, a mother who pretended to be French, and a bastard child that was abandoned by the family before he was even born. Reprint. 35,000 first printing.
9780140018325 Eleven Devious, Shocking Stories from the Master of the Unpredictable. What could go wrong when a wife pawns the mink coat that her lover gave her as a parting gift? What happens when a pricelass piece of furniture is the subject of a deceitful bargain? Can a wronged woman take revenge on her dead husband? In these dark, dangerous stories Roald Dahl explores the sinister side of human nature: the cunning, sly, selfish part of each of us that leads into the territory of the unexpected and unsettling. Stylish, macabre and haunting, these tales will leave you with a delicious feeling of unease.
9780140196092 A noted artist introduces 101 easy-to-follow ways to help readers identify their personal abilities, personality types, psychological strategies, and goals, examining the body, emotions, intellect, and spirit.
9780671019099 Held prisoner by the Germans during World War II, a wealthy French lawyer is chosen to die but makes a cowardly trade for his life, a decision that he must pay for as a free man. Reprint.
9780312982515 When a childhood friend unexpectedly attempts to murder him in Switzerland, an American investment banker begins to unravel a mystery involving his famous financier father and a mysterious OSS case code-named Sigma. Reprint.
9780439896184 When the candy that Ms. Gleason was going to give to her class as a special Valentine's Day treat disappears, it is up to Jigsaw and Mila to find out what happened.
9780747267195 A man's body, virtually decapitated, is found by the Bosphorus. His identity card names him as Rifat Berisha, an Albanian. The family is impenetrable but when Inspector Cetin Ikmen, whose mother was Albanian, consults his cousin, Samsun, he's left in little doubt that Berisha's death is likely to be the result of a fis, an implacable blood feud between rival Albanian families. Which means the blood already shed will have to be avenged. And if the Berishas or their enemies discover Ikmen is from a noted Albanian clan, some of the spilt blood might be his...
9780142407929 With notes on staging, props, and costumes, a collection of plays based on the author's book can be performed with the minimum of experience or resources. Reprint.
9780812505771 Created by gods, the forged Twelve Swords can kill the gods themselves if they fall into human hands, and when Vilkata the Dark King returns from exile determined to get the swords, only an untested boy, with Shieldbreaker in hand, stands in the man's way. Reissue.
"9780679764175 Newly discharged from the Korean War, Gabe Wallach struggles to live seriously and act generously. The reader will find acclaimed author Philip Roth's fictional study of 1950's American morals and social mores far different from those of today. TIME calls Roth ""The uncontested master of comic irony""."
9780007119356 A repugnant Amercian widow is killed during a trip to Petra... Among the towering red cliffs of Petra, like some monstrous swollen Buddha, sat the corpse of Mrs Boynton. A tiny puncture mark on her wrist was the only sign of the fatal injection that had killed her. With only 24 hours available to solve the mystery, Hercule Poirot recalled a chance remark he'd overheard back in Jerusalem: 'You see, don't you, that she's got to be killed?' Mrs Boynton was, indeed, the most detestable woman he'd ever met...
9780007121007 An old widow is brutally killed in the parlour of her cottage... Mrs McGinty died from a brutal blow to the back of her head. Suspicion fell immediately on her shifty lodger, James Bentley, whose clothes revealed traces of the victim's blood and hair. Yet something was amiss: Bentley just didn't look like a murderer. Poirot believed he could save the man from the gallows - what he didn't realise was that his own life was now in great danger...
9780345448149 A POWERFUL, DEEPLY MOVING NARRATIVE OF HOPE REBORN IN THE SHADOW OF DESPAIR Fifty years after it was bombed to rubble, Berlin is once again a city in which Jews gather for the Passover seder. Paris and Antwerp have recently emerged as important new centers of Jewish culture. Small but proud Jewish communities are revitalizing the ancient centers of Budapest, Prague, and Amsterdam. These brave, determined Jewish men and women have chosen to settle–or remain–in Europe after the devastation of the Holocaust, but they have paid a price. Among the unexpected dangers, they have had to cope with an alarming resurgence of Nazism in Europe, the spread of Arab terrorism, and the impact of the Jewish state on European life. Delving into the intimate stories of European Jews from all walks of life, Kurlansky weaves together a vivid tapestry of individuals sustaining their traditions, and flourishing, in the shadow of history. An inspiring story of a tenacious people who have rebuilt their lives in the face of incomprehensible horror, A Chosen Few is a testament to cultural survival and a celebration of the deep bonds that endure between Jews and European civilization. “Consistently absorbing . . . A Chosen Few investigates the relatively uncharted territory of an encouraging phenomenon.” –Los Angeles Times “I can think of no book that portrays with such intelligence, historical understanding, and journalistic flair what life has been like for Jews determined to build lives in Europe.” –SUSAN MIRON Forward
9780689861130 Children will love joining in and imitating the animal noises and sounds in this big, bold board book format, illustrated with Sandra Boynton's seriously silly signature animals.
"9780590419277 Mayhem breaks out in the fifth grade when the Venice Menace bullies his classmates into letting him become a regular guest on ""Kidsview,"" the school's radio program."
"9780743203586 Presents a collection of humorous stories, including ""The Truth about George,"" ""Ukridge's Dog College,"" ""The Coming of Gowf,"" ""The Purity of the Turf,"" and ""A Slice of Life."""
9780385732598 While conducting research for a school paper on smallpox, Mitty finds an envelope containing 100-year-old smallpox scabs and fears that he has infected himself and all of New York City.
9780140157512 This magical realist novel tells the history of the Buendias family, the founders of Macondo, a remote South American settlement. In the world of the novel there is a Spanish galleon beached in the jungle, a flying carpet, and an iguana in a woman's womb.
9780806523491 Showcases the eccentric residents of the fictional High Chaparral Trailer Park of Pangburn, Arkansas, a community filled with sex, murder, topless dancing, secrets, and adultery, as they dish the dirt on their neighbors and provide such cost-effective recipes as Spam Rolls, Mayonnaises Cake, All Day Crock Pot Delight, and Honky Tonkin' Husband's Bread. Original.
9780333666388 Andrew Trout's new book on Paris during the period preceding the end Louis XIV's reign is a fascinating social history of the city anchored by the lives of two of its most famous citizens: Cardinal Richelieu and Louis XIV. Beginning with the emergence of Richelieu as a political force and concluding with the end of Louis XIV's reign, Trout describes the city as it looked during the seventeenth century and answers a myriad of interesting questions: Did the houses have numbers? Were residential buildings flush with the street? What was anyone likely to see along the River Seine? By answering such questions, Trout constructs a social history of the city that is unequalled. Trout's book is illustrated with maps and engravings that bring the city to life. City on the Seine is an indispensable work of social history.
9780761929949 Examining the role of crime in American politics and culture, The Politics of Injustice, Second Edition provides a better understanding of the nature of crime and punishment in America, as well as the cultural and political contexts in which they occur. Updated throughout, this book will be of interest to students in all areas of Criminology especially those involved in critical issues in Criminal Justice.
9780142002803 Chronicles the horror of Berlin's fall to the Soviets in 1945, recalling the starvation, exposure, artillery fire, rape, and mass destruction that marked the Red Army's final push on Germany's capital.
9780434009053 Red Dragon, The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal - the three international bestsellers that provided literature with one of its most memorable characters - now available in one volume.
9780446604239 An ace reporter investigates the suspicious death of her best friend's baby in this #1 New York Times bestselling political thriller of murder, passion, and intrigue in the White House. Barrie Travis is not famous; she's just a damn good reporter stuck at a low-budget television station. Then, her old friend -- now America's First Lady -- asks her to investigate the death of her baby. Stunned by grief after the loss of her infant son, the President's wife hints that her child didn't really die of SIDS; in reality, he may have been murdered. Blind to everything but finding the truth, Barrie delves into the private lives of the president and his wife and uncovers dark and terrible secrets that will test her ethics, her patriotism, and her courage. With the help of Gray Bondurant, a mysterious former presidential aide, this story could topple the presidency and change the course of history. In this fast-moving tale from a master of suspense, Barrie must fight powerful forces that want nothing more than to see the scandalous past -- and a certain young reporter -- dead and buried.
9780826323576 Quito has always been one of the most enigmatic of colonial Spanish American cities. The history of its enormous hinterland, only a fraction of which forms the modern Republic of Ecuador, is even less known. This engaging book takes the watershed year 1599 as a starting point for a provocative reinterpretation of the history of Quito, city and colony. The result is a lively narrative that is also an original inquiry into the driving forces behind sixteenth-century Spanish colonialism. In six overlapping topical narratives Lane brings to life a place wracked by civil disturbances, shipwrecks, indigenous uprisings, pirate attacks, maroon intransigence, urban decadence, failed missionary endeavors, sharp economic reorientations, and wily and unpredictable subaltern adaptation and resistance. Drawing from a wealth of recent research on the colonial north Andes and on more than seven years of study in the archives of Ecuador, Colombia, and Spain, Lane presents rich discoveries of interest to economic historians, including a previously unknown gold boom; however, his primary interest is people. He explores the ways both individuals and groups--shipwreck victims, slaves, laborers, merchants, traders--faced obstacles and seized (or missed) opportunities, showing readers not only the basic facts and major themes of colonial life but also the influence and outcome of individual hopes and fears among people from a multitude of races and ethnicities.
9780316281331 The writings of more than 60 authors including Isaac Asimov, Albert Einstein, Stephen Hawking, Pierre Curie, Primo Levi and James Gleick, are represented in this volume. Each expresses a perspective on the Sciences.
9781857442021 Mikhail Tal, the 'magician from Riga, ' was the greatest attacking World Champion of them all, and this enchanting autobiography chronicles his extraordinary career with charm and humor. Dazzling games are interspersed throughout with anecdotes and witty self-interviews, and in typically objective fashion he related both the downs and ups of his encounters. An inveterate smoker and drinker, Tal's life on the circuit was punctuated by bouts in the hospital with kidney problems, but nothing could dull his love for chess and his sheer genius on the chessboard. His illustrious tournament record, up to his death in 1992, is included here in full, along with 100 complete games and nearly as many positions. Tal's annotations in this book are a world apart from ordinary games collections. No reader could fail to be swept along by his passion and vitality as he sets the scene for an encounter and then recounts every psychological twist and turn
9780440169123 A routine visit to the dentist involves Police Inspector Pascoe in a bizarre case concerning the making of pornographic films in which people are actually killed on camera
9780226323985 Cuneiform records made some three thousand years ago are the basis for this essay on the ideas of death and the afterlife and the story of the flood which were current among the ancient peoples of the Tigro-Euphrates Valley. With the same careful scholarship shown in his previous volume, The Babylonian Genesis, Heidel interprets the famous Gilgamesh Epic and other related Babylonian and Assyrian documents. He compares them with corresponding portions of the Old Testament in order to determine the inherent historical relationship of Hebrew and Mesopotamian ideas.
9780553561586 Wilks, Billie, and Bueller, the last survivors of an assault on the aliens' home planet, flee Earth and its alien infestation in a usually unmanned military transport, in a desperate attempt to stay alive. Original.
9780375760525 National Bestseller New York Times Editors’ Choice Winner of the PEN Hessell Tiltman Prize Winner of the Duff Cooper Prize Silver Medalist for the Arthur Ross Book Award of the Council on Foreign Relations Finalist for the Robert F. Kennedy Book Award For six months in 1919, after the end of “the war to end all wars,” the Big Three—President Woodrow Wilson, British prime minister David Lloyd George, and French premier Georges Clemenceau—met in Paris to shape a lasting peace. In this landmark work of narrative history, Margaret MacMillan gives a dramatic and intimate view of those fateful days, which saw new political entities—Iraq, Yugoslavia, and Palestine, among them—born out of the ruins of bankrupt empires, and the borders of the modern world redrawn.
9780394700151 Here are the best of Hawthorne's short stories. There are twenty-four of them -- not only the most familiar, but also many that are virtually unknown to the average reader. The selection was made by Professor Newton Arvin of Smith College, a recognized authority on Hawthorne and a distinguished literary critic as well. His fine introduction admirably interprets Hawthorne's mind and art.
9780886774639 Granddaughter of a sorceress and daughter of a noble house, Kerowyn had been forced to run the family keep since her mother's untimely death. Now all of her hopes and plans to return to training horses and hunting have been shattered by an attack on her ancestral home, the death of her father, the wounding of her brother and the kidnapping of his fiance.
9780787976286 Today’s young women are smart, educated, career-oriented, and maybe a little bit fashion-obsessed. So where does the spiritual life fit in? With InStyle magazine on one nightstand, and Julian of Norwich on the other, author Donna Freitas has her finger on the pulse of a new generation of women and understands the spiritual issues that most concern them. Drawing on the stories of popular heroines such as Bridget Jones and Carrie Bradshaw, Becoming a Goddess of Inner Poise illustrates how our life choices can have a profoundly spiritual dimension—in the bedroom, the boardroom, the beach, and at Barney’s. Freitas combines wisdom from a variety of spiritual traditions and with a generous dash of humor, giving modern women a new model for the spiritual journey.
9781586170264 Details the life of Oscar Wilde, including his work as an author, his fascination with Catholicism, and his time in prison for a homosexual affair.
9780470008294 Explains Austen's methods, motivations, and morals The fun and easy way(r) to understand and enjoy Jane Austen Want to know more about Jane Austen? This friendly guide gives the scoop on her life, works, and lasting impact on our culture. It chronicles the events of her brief life, examines each of her novels, and looks at why her stories - of women and marriage, class and money, scandal and hypocrisy, emotion and satire - still have meaning for us today. Discover * Why Austen is so popular * The impact on manners, courtships, and dating * Love and life in Austen's world * Her life and key influences * Her most memorable characters
9780060099459 It's Christmas Eve, and Amelia Bedelia has to get the Rogers house ready for a visit from Aunt Myra. But with Amelia Bedelia in charge, this Christmas will be one of the funniest ever!
9780786016051 When the bullet-ridden body of a woman, identified only by a strange ring on her finger, and a tiny skull wash up on shore, Detective Louis Kincaid makes a connection that takes him to a remote island rife with evil and betrayal.
9781416503590 With If You Dare, Cole introduces a thrilling new romance trilogy featuring fierce Scottish brothers with dangerous lives, dark desires, and a deadly curse. Can he exact revenge? High in the Pyrenees, a band of mercenaries led by Courtland MacCarrick wages war for General Reynaldo Pascal. When Court turns on the evil general, Pascal orders him killed but Court narrowly escapes and exacts revenge by kidnapping Pascal's exquisite Castilian fiancée. Can she deny her passions? Lady Annalía Tristán Llorente despises her towering, barbaric captor almost as much as she does Pascal. Her inexplicable attraction to the Highlander only fuels her fury. But nothing will stop her from returning to Pascal -- for if she doesn't wed him, she signs her brother's death warrant, as well as her own. Can there be love between them? From the moment Court discovers that Anna's prim façade masks a fiery, brave lass, his heart's ensnared, and he dares to defy the curse that has shadowed his life -- to walk with death or walk alone. But Pascal vows that he'll hunt the two, never stopping until he's destroyed them both.
9780394758275 Marlowe's about to give up on a completely routine case when he finds himself in the wrong place at the right time to get caught up in a murder that leads to a ring of jewel thieves, another murder, a fortune-teller, a couple more murders, and more corruption than your average graveyard.
9780385333818 Wampeters, Foma & Granfalloons (Opinions) is a rare opportunity to experience Kurt Vonnegut speaking in his own voice about his own life, his views of the world, his writing, and the writing of others. An indignant, outrageous, witty, deeply felt collection of reviews, essays, and speeches, this is a window not only into Vonnegut's mind but also into his heart.
9781564783950 The Review's aesthetic focus has been called many things--postmodern, experimental, avant-garde, metafictional, subversive--but in bringing this aesthetic to a wider audience it also seeks to expose the artificial barriers that exist between and within cultures. To this end, The Review has a special affinity for the works of foreign writers who may otherwise go unread in the United States, as well as American writers whose work has gone unchampioned in their own country. An extensive book review section also covers recent works of innovative writing. Above all, The Review of Contemporary Fiction attempts to expand readers' notions of what fiction is and what it can do.
9781416520399 What's a girl to do when she discovers she's the main course on the menu? Hip, funny Milagro de los Santos thinks she's finally found love and a home at the California ranch of fabulous Oswald Grant and his urbane relatives, who have a rare genetic disorder that some call vampirism. But Milagro is bewildered when she's excluded from an ancient and mysterious midnight ceremony whose participants include Oswald's unfriendly parents, a creepy family elder, and Milagro's ex-lover, the powerful and decadent Ian Ducharme. What skeletons are the vampires keeping in their designer closets? When Milagro's life is threatened by a rogue family member, she flees to the desert to hide. Instead of solitude, she encounters an egomaniacal actor, a partying heiress, a sly tabloid reporter, and a lavish spa full of dark secrets -- all of which might help her find a way home.
9780679731375 Offers an idiosyncratic, revisionist history of life on planet Earth, from a playful account of Noah by a stowaway on the Ark, to the spiritual odyssey of a American astronaut
9780060747220 Ten years after the publication of Wicked, beloved novelist Gregory Maguire returns at last to the land of Oz. There he introduces us to Liir, an adolescent boy last seen hiding in the shadows of the castle after Dorothy did in the Witch. Bruised, comatose, and left for dead in a gully, Liir is shattered in spirit as well as in form. But he is tended to at the Cloister of Saint Glinda by the silent novice called Candle, who wills him back to life with her musical gifts. What dark force left Liir in this condition? Is he really Elphaba's son? He has her broom and her cape—but what of her powers? Can he find his supposed half-sister, Nor, last seen in the forbidding prison, Southstairs? Can he fulfill the last wishes of a dying princess? In an Oz that, since the Wizard's departure, is under new and dangerous management, can Liir keep his head down long enough to grow up? For the countless fans who have been dazzled and entranced by Maguire's Oz, Son of a Witch is the rich reward they have awaited so long.
9780451452887 As Tikat searches for the lover whose death and resurrection he witnessed, he meets three women--each of whom hides a secret, and who respectively each undertake her own impossible mission. By the author of The Last Unicorn.
9780765346520 The masterpiece that started The New York Times bestselling epic Sword of Truth In the aftermath of the brutal murder of his father, a mysterious woman, Kahlan Amnell, appears in Richard Cypher's forest sanctuary seeking help . . . and more. His world, his very beliefs, are shattered when ancient debts come due with thundering violence. In a dark age it takes courage to live, and more than mere courage to challenge those who hold dominion, Richard and Kahlan must take up that challenge or become the next victims. Beyond awaits a bewitching land where even the best of their hearts could betray them. Yet, Richard fears nothing so much as what secrets his sword might reveal about his own soul. Falling in love would destroy them--for reasons Richard can't imagine and Kahlan dare not say. In their darkest hour, hunted relentlessly, tormented by treachery and loss, Kahlan calls upon Richard to reach beyond his sword--to invoke within himself something more noble. Neither knows that the rules of battle have just changed . . . or that their time has run out. This is the beginning. One book. One Rule. Witness the birth of a legend.
9780899421698 For the first time, Wills's translation of the entire Confessions work by Saint Augustine has been compiled into one edition. Removed by time and place but not spiritual relevance, this text continues to influence contemporary religion, language and thought.
9780006499626 Miss Marple featured in 20 short stories, published in a number of different collections in Britain and America. Presented here in their order of publication, Miss Marple uses her unique insight to deduce the truth about a series of unsolved crimes.
"9780618131709 In CHIMERAJohn Barth injects his signature wit into the tales of Scheherezade of the Thousand and One Nights, Perseus, the slayer of Medusa, and Bellerophon, who tamed the winged horse Pegasus. In a book that the Washington Post called ""stylishly maned, tragically songful, and serpentinely elegant,” Barth retells these tales from varying perspectives, examining the myths’ relationship to reality and their resonance with the contemporary world. A winner of the National Book Award, this feisty, witty, sometimes bawdy book provoked Playboy to comment, ""There’s every chance in the world that John Barth is a genius.”"
9780517599242 The off-beat and occasionally extraterrestrial journeys, notions, and acquaintances of galactic traveler Arthur Dent are illustrated with digitally generated graphic images and tricky visual puns
"9780007149124 Never before published in a single volume, Tolkien's four novellas (""Farmer Giles of Ham, Leaf by Niggle, Smith of Wootton Major,"" and ""Roverandom"") and one book of poems (""The Adventures of Tom Bombadil"") are gathered together in a fully illustrated set."
9780345339737 In a sleepy village in the Shire, a young hobbit, Frodo Baggins, is entrusted by the wizard Gandalf with an immense task: he must make a perilous journey across Middle-earth to the Crack of Doom, there to destroy the Ruling Ring of Power, the only thing that prevents the Dark Lord Sauron's evil dominion.
9780440229087 Unhappy about his baby sister's illness and the chaos of moving into a dilapidated old house, Michael retreats to the garage and finds a mysterious stranger who is something like a bird and something like an angel.
9780736911689 George's popular guides have helped thousands of women not only mine the riches of God's Word more deeply, but also grow more spiritually strong. Women can use this newest addition to the series alongside the corresponding book so they can take their next steps forward in spiritual growth.
9780345476883 Lestat has risen from his long sleep as a modern day rock star, and makes public his story of his aristocratic boyhood in pre-revolutionary eighteenth-century France and his initiation into vampiredom in order to solve the mystery of his existence. Reissue.
"9780618711673 In ""an enthralling story, full of fascinating characters, intense drama, high adventure, deceitful manipulation, courageous truth-telling, and splendid moral fervor"" (""Christian Science Monitor""), Hochschild tells the story of King Leopold of Belgium, a megalomaniac of monstrous portions. 31 photos. Map."
9780061056000 It's been quite a week for Joe Grey. First the large, powerful feline discovers that, through some strange, inexplicable phenomenon, he now has the ability to understand human language. Then he discovers he can speak it as well! It's a nightmare for a cat who'd prefer to sleep the day away carefree, but Joe can handle it. That is, until he has the misfortune to witness a murder in the alley behind Jolly's Deli -- and worse, to be seen witnessing it. With all of his nine lives suddenly at risk, Joe's got no choice but to get to the bottom of the heinous crime -- because his mouse-hunting days are over for good unless he can help bring a killer to justice.
9780778322849 Grieving over the death of her son, Arden Gentry hopes to ease her heart by finding her second child, the product of a scandalous affair, despite the fact that she would also have to encounter her ex-lover. Originally in paperback. 100,000 first printing.
9780671447205 Tells the story of eleven-year old Pecola Breedlove, an African-American girl. She prays for her eyes to turn blue so that she will be as beautiful and beloved as all the blonde, blue-eyed children in America, people will notice her, and her world will be different. In the autumn of 1941, the year the marigolds in the Breedloves' garden do not bloom, Pecola's life changes in painful, devastating ways.
9780380759507 The inhabitants of a remote estate in Florida's savannah country fall under the spell of a horrible predator who inflames and perverts their sexual desires, leading to a series of bizarre and deadly encounters
9780330487153 Perhaps Naipaul's most autobiographical work, this is the story of a writer's singular journey from the British colony of Trinidad to the ancient countryside of England.
9781400034413 A young Icelandic priest is sent to investigate the pastor at remote Snaefells Glacier and uncovers a mysterious and wild community full of phantasmagoria and eccentricity, in a provocative novel by the late Nobel laureate. Original. 10,000 first printing.
9781400032952 In this original, sweeping, and intimate biography, Gleick moves between a comprehensive historical portrait and a dramatic focus on Newton's significant letters and unpublished notebooks to illuminate the real importance of his work.
9780060177249 After a mysterious stranger promises to end his boredom with a trip to the magical Holiday House, ten-year-old Harvey learns that his fun has a high price
9780486406640 An anthology of wit and wisdom by Mark Twain collects quotations on a wide range of subjects, including life, love, history, culture, travel, and politics.
"9781740597401 Complemented by easy-to use, reliable maps, helpful recommendations, authoritative background information, and up-to-date coverage of things to see and do, these popular travel guides cover in detail countries, regions, and cities around the world for travelers of every budget, along with extensive itineraries, maps with cross-referencing to the text, ""Top 10"" and ""Top 5"" lists, and other practical features."
9780552154284 Susan had never hung up a stocking . She'd never put a tooth under her pillow in the serious expectation that a dentally inclined fairy would turn up. It wasn't that her parents didn't believe in such things. They didn't need to believe in them. They know they existed. They just wished they didn't. There are those who believe and those who don't. Through the ages, superstition has had its uses. Nowhere more so than in the Discworld where it's helped to maintain the status quo. Anything that undermines superstition has to be viewed with some caution. There may be consequences, particularly on the last night of the year when the time is turning. When those consequences turn out to be the end of the world, you need to be prepared. You might even want more standing between you and oblivion than a mere slip of a girl - even if she has looked Death in the face on numerous occasions...
9780140440935 A brief analysis of the development, style, and protagonists of the play is included with Goethe's masterpiece about a troubled man who sells his soul to the devil.
9780140449327 Virgil's Aeneid, inspired by Homer and inspiration for Dante and Milton, is an immortal poem at the heart of Western life and culture. Virgil took as his hero Aeneas, legendary survivor of the fall of Troy and father of the Roman race, and in telling a story of dispossession and defeat, love and war, he portrayed human life in all its nobility and suffering.
"9780618479030 The best-selling books of Andrew Weil, ""the guru of alternative medicine,"" (San Francisco Examiner) offer a comprehensive blend of traditional and alternative methods that help to achieve better health in the modern world. Natural Health, Natural Medicine is a comprehensive resource for everything you need to know to maintain optimum health and treat common ailments. This landmark book incorporates Dr. Weil’s theories of preventive health maintenance and alternative healing into one extremely useful and readable reference, featuring general diet and nutrition information as well as simple recipes, answers to readers’ most pressing questions, a catalogue of home remedies, invaluable resources, and hundreds of practical tips. This edition includes up-to-the-minute scientific findings and has been expanded to provide trustworthy advice about low-carb diets, hormone replacement therapy, Alzheimer’s, attention deficit disorder, reflux disease, autism, type 2 diabetes, erectile dysfunction, the flu, and much more."
9780743252218 A suspenseful account of the Battle of Leyte Gulf in October 1944 is told through the commands of four naval leaders, including two American commanders and two Japanese admirals, and offers insight into how the war reflected profound cultural differences. 100,000 first printing.
9780553576054 Tired of being treated as a commodity, Rana Ramsey, a top fashion model, decides to assume a new identity in a small Texas town, where she meets handsome quarterback, Trent Gamblin.
9780156619189 Six autobiographical pieces that span her entire career reveal the underlying unity of Woolf's art, thought, and sensibility and the unusual degree to which she integrated personal experiences within her fiction
"9780374526962 Virgil's great lyrics, rendered by the acclaimed translator of The Odes of Horace and Gilgamesh The Eclogues of Virgil gave definitive form to the pastoral mode, and these magically beautiful poems, which were influential in so much subsequent literature, perhaps best exemplify what pastoral can do. ""Song replying to song replying to song,"" touchingly comic, poignantly sad, sublimely joyful, the various music that these shepherds make echoes in scenes of repose and harmony, and of hardship and trouble in work and love. A bilingual edition, The Eclogues of Virgil includes concise, informative notes and an Introduction that describes the fundamental role of this deeply original book in the pastoral tradition."
"9780020442608 The ""Dawn Treader"" is the first ship Narnia has seen in centuries. King Caspian has built it for his voyage to find the seven lords, good men whom his evil uncle Mizaz banished when he usurped the throne. The journey takes Edmund, Lucy, and their cousin Eustace to the Eastern Islands, beyond the Silver Sea, toward Aslan's country at the End of the World. Illustrations."
9780517084793 Three classic scientific suspense novels, Andromeda Strain, The Terminal Man, and The Great Train Robbery, demonstrate what made this master of the potboiling thriller the best-selling success that he is today.
9780425181607 The best-selling author offers a subjective tour of favorite books, films, and television programs which have met his criteria for great horror, examines the attractions and satisfactions of horror stories, and recounts his own vital encounter with horror. Reprint.
9780805073874 Named after a character in a Shakespeare play, misfit sixth-grader Hero becomes interested in exploring this unusual connection because of a valuable diamond supposedly hidden in her new house, an intriguing neighbor, and the unexpected attention of the most popular boy in school. Jr Lib Guild.
9780060000141 There's trouble at Gray House, the girlhood home that Poppy left long ago. Poppy's family has called her back to save them all—mother, father, sisters and brothers, and dozens and dozens of deer mouse cousins. Poppy invites her rebellious son, Junior, to join her on the long trip across Dimwood Forest, hoping the journey will bring them closer together. But with Junior's skunk pal, Mephitis, and Ereth, the cantankerous porcupine, in tow—sugared slug soup!—Poppy and Junior may be in for unexpected adventure.
9780439994798 The trilogy follows the coming of age of two children, Lyra Belacqua and Will Parry, as they wander through a series of parallel universes against a backdrop of epic events. The story involves fantasy elements such as witches and armoured polar bears, but alludes to a broad range of ideas from fields such as physics, philosophy, and theology.
9780006490456 Newly-Jacketed Edition Designed To Celebrate The 50Th Anniversary Of Christie S Faultlessly Plotted Witness For The Prosecution And Other Outstanding Plays. The Perfect Complement To The Latest Edition Of The Mousetrap And Selected Plays (50Th Aniversary Edition). Headlining This Book Is Witness For The Prosecution Christie S Highly Successful Stage Play Which Won The New York Drama Critics Circle Award For Best Foreign Play. A Stunning Courtroom Drama, It Tells The Story Of A Scheming Wife Testifying Against Her Husband In A Shocking Murder Trial. The Wild Beauty Of A Seaside House Perched High On The Devonshire River Tern Provides A Stunning Back-Drop In Towards Zero As A Psychopathic Murderer Homes In On The Unsuspecting Victims. Passion, Murder And Love Are The Deadly Ingredients In Verdict, Making It One Of Christie S More Unusual Thrillers And Prompting Her To Label It The Best Play I Have Written With The Exception Of Witness For The Prosecution . Go Back For Murder Tells The Story Of The Young And Feisty Carla Who, Orphaned At The Tender Age Of Five, Discovers Her Mother Was Imprisioned For Murdering Her Father And Determines To Prove Her Innocence.
"9780307236012 Presents a dictionary of such items as ""Tingrith,"" or the feeling of aluminum foil against your fillings, and ""Ahenny,"" the way people stand when examining other people's bookshelves."
9780330340199 Having survived the extraordinary childhood recorded in This Boy’s Life, Tobias Wolff finds himself serving in Vietnam and assigned to a unit in the Mekong Delta. A young officer out of his depth, he lives in boredom and terror and grief for lost friends. Much has been written about the scarring Vietnam experience, but never with this blend of exactitude, humanity, grotesque humour and painful truth. ‘An outstanding addition to the library on the Vietnam War . . . Wolff makes it so funny, moving and memorable you feel it has never been written about before’ Tibor Fischer, Financial Times ‘In Pharaoh’s Army has an irresistible flow. He is a lucid, self-honest spirit with a gift for narrative. I read him at a sitting and was sad to run out of pages’ Ian McEwan, Financial Times Book of the Year ‘Wolff is a fine judge of difficult material. Always entertaining, always thoughtful, this book is a worthy successor to This Boy’s Life ’ Erica Wagner, The Times ‘Wolff’s book is funny, self-chastening and unforgettable’ Nick Hornby, Sunday Times Book of the Year ‘The finest piece of prose I read this year . . .Wolff cannot be parodied, as sure a sign of greatness as there is’ Will Self, Independent on Sunday Book of the Year
9780060930134 Elijah, a biblical prophet in the Middle East during the ninth century B.C., confronts the pagan princess Jezebel and finds love in the strange land of Zarephath with a young widow, only to have his new-found happiness shattered by tragedy
9780099173311 Winner of the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1965, Richard Feynman was one of the world's greatest theoretical physicists, but he was also a man who fell, often jumped, into adventure. An artist, safecracker, practical joker and storyteller, Feynman's life was a series of combustible combinations made possible by his unique mixture of high intelligence, unquenchable curiosity and eternal scepticism. Over a period of years, Feynman's conversations with his friend Ralph Leighton were first taped and then set down as they appear here, little changed from their spoken form, giving a wise, funny, passionate and totally honest self-portrait of one of the greatest men of our age.
"9780306813689 Explores the life and accomplishments of the successful country singer known as the rebellious ""Man in Black"" who struggled with a guilt-ridden childhood, addictions, and self-doubt."
"9780449452691 "" Michener is America's best writer, and he proves it once again in CENTENNIAL."" THE PITTSBURGH PRESSA stunning panorama of the West, CENTENNIAL is an enthralling celebration of our country, brimming with the glory and the greatness of the American past that only bestselling author James Michener could bring to stunning life. From the Native Americans, the migrating white men and women, the cowboys, and the foreigners, it is a story of trappers, traders, homesteaders, gold seekers, ranchers, and hunters--all caught up in the dramatic events and violent conflicts that shaped the destiny of our legendary West."
"9780872860193 Great strange visionary poems by the author of Howl, ""in the midst of the broken consciousness of mid-twentieth century . . ."" In the midst of the broken consciousness of mid-twentieth century suffering anguish of separation from my own body and its natural infinity of feeling its own self one with all self, I instinctively seeking to reconstitute that blissful union which I experience so rarely. I took it to be supernatural an gave it holy Name thus made hymn laments of longing and litanies of triumphancy of Self over mind-illusion mechano-universe of un-feeling Time in which I saw my self my own mother and my very nation trapped desolate our worlds of consciousness homeless and at war except for the original trembling of bliss in breast and belly of every body that nakedness rejected in suits of fear that familiar defenseless living hurt self which is myself same as all others abandoned scared to own unchanging desire for each other. These poems almost unconscious to confess the beatific human fact, the language intuitively chosen as in trance & dream, the rhythms rising on breath from belly thru breast, the hymn completed in tears, the movement of the physical poetry demanding and receiving decades of life while chanting Kaddish the names of Death in many worlds the self seeking the Key to life found at last in our self."
9780140188264 When her father leaves the Church in a crisis of conscience, Margaret Hale is uprooted from her comfortable home in Hampshire to move with her family to the north of England. Initially repulsed by the ugliness of her new surroundings in the industrial town of Milton, Margaret becomes aware of the poverty and suffering of the local mill workers and develops a passionate sense of social justice. This is intensified by her tempestuous relationship with the mill-owner and self-made man, John Thornton, as their fierce opposition over his treatment of his employees masks a deeper attraction. In North and South, Elizabeth Gaskell skillfully fused individual feeling with social concern, and in Margaret Hale created one of the most original heroines of Victorian literature.
9780571201754 Told by the wife and four daughters of Nathan Price, a fierce evangelical Baptist who takes his family and mission to the Belgian Congo in 1959, The Poisonwood Bible is the story of one family's tragic undoing and remarkable reconstruction over the course of three decades in postcolonial Africa.
9781421509594 A flash flood turns the desert into a drowned world, and the students struggle to protect the school--and their precious vegetable garden--from the deluge. But just as the first vegetables are ready to harvest, the crop is infested with a strange fungus. Was all their work for nothing? Lonely for home and their parents, the students make a surrogate mother out of a statue...only to find it replaced one day by a new, terrifying idol...
"9780060556525 Gold is the final and crowning achievement of the fifty-year career of science fiction's transcendent genius, the world-famous author who defined the field of science fiction for its practitioners, its millions of readers, and the world at large. The first section contains stories that range from the humorous to the profound, at the heart of which is the title story, ""Gold,"" a moving and revealing drama about a writer who gambles everything on a chance at immortality: a gamble Asimov himself made -- and won. The second section contains the grand master's ruminations on the SF genre itself. And the final section is comprised of Asimov's thoughts on the craft and writing of science fiction."
9780141186078 This light-hearted journal tells of John Steinbeck's fishing trip with Ed Ricketts. Combining science and adventure, Steinbeck voices his deeply-held views of man's place in the natural world.
9780439294843 For use in schools and libraries only. Truthful Wallace gives a thumbs-down to a book much to the chagrin of his English teacher, who sentences him to help with a stage version of the book. Wallace is unaware that his plot-improvement suggestions will wind up changing the entire production.
9780140110876 This comic and surreal novel about the beastliness and pain in the world focuses on the stories of assorted young American misfits, reactionaries and revolutionaries, young lovers, and raging old tyrants
9780451217769 A novel that examines the nature of justice--and injustice--follows an ordinary man who, through no fault of his own, is hounded, hunted, and almost destroyed for a crime he did not commit.
9780241142462 The Best of McSweeney's Volume 2 the second instalment of Dave Eggers's crash course in what McSweeney's is all about brings together more stories from the first ten issues of the magazine. Jonathan Ames, Judy Budnitz, Glen David Gold, Jonathan Lethem and A.M. Homes are amongst the writers spreading their wings in this fine collection and showing once more why McSweeney's is now a byword for brilliance, innovation and the unexpected.
9781579546465 A renowned cardiologist discusses the importance of understanding the glycemic index values of foods and presents a weight-loss program that includes meal plans and recipes.
9780345468390 The official novel of the Universal Studios film PITCH BLACK 2:THE CHRONICLES OF RIDDICK, as the interplanetary mercenary Riddick discovers a threat that could destroy him, kill his friends and allies, and consume the entire galaxy-a threat only he can stop. The movie features hot new star Vin Diesel - an Arnold Schwarzenegger for a new generation.
9780140195538 For Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931), love was the supreme way of achieving self-realization and completeness as a human being. Such themes as love, passion and marriage dominate the section on love in Gibran's celebrated The Prophet, but they are expressed with equal eloquence in his earlier Arabic stories, parables and prose poems.
9781593077099 Fresh from the killing fields of Jabiim, where the Empire has virtually wiped out the populace of that world, Imperial Lieutenant Janek Sunber is sent to the quiet prison base on Kalist VI. But, unbeknownst to the Empire, the Rebels have designs on Kalist Base both for its desirable fuel supplies, and for the presence of a very important prisoner-one of their own who has already attracted the interest of Darth Vader. Sunber doesn't know it, but he's on a collision course with an old friend who is with the Rebels, and he finds himself wondering which of them is on the wrong side of the war. • Just in time for the thirtieth anniversary of Star Wars comes a story that reintroduces a character not mentioned since A New Hope! • Collecting issues #35-40 of Star Wars Empire, this graphic novel holds a surprise that is sure to delight every Star Wars fan!
"9781853260407 Introduction and Notes by Keith Wren, University of Kent at Canterbury A historical romance, 'The Three Musketeers' tells the story of the early adventures of the young Gascon gentleman, D'Artagnan and his three friends from the regiment of the King's Musketeers - Athos, Porthos and Aramis. Under the watchful eye of their patron M. de Treville, the four defend the honour of the regiment against the guards of Cardinal Richelieu, and the honour of the queen against the machinations of the Cardinal himself as the power struggles of seventeenth century France are vividly played out in the background. But their most dangerous encounter is with the Cardinal's spy, Milady, one of literature's most memorable female villains, and Dumas employs all his fast-paced narrative skills to bring this enthralling novel to a breathtakingly gripping and dramatic conclusion. Our edition uses the William Barrow translation first published by Bruce and Wylde (London,1846) AUTHOR Alexandre Dumas, père (French for ""father"", akin to 'Senior' in English), born Dumas Davy de la Pailleterie (24 July 1802 - 5 December 1870)[1] was a French writer, best known for his numerous historical novels of high adventure which have made him one of the most widely read French authors in the world. Many of his novels, including 'The Count of Monte Cristo', 'The Three Musketeers', 'Twenty Years After', and 'The Vicomte de Bragelonne' were serialised. He also wrote plays and magazine articles and was a prolific correspondent."
"9780743444040 Meet the little known and even less understood heroes of police work in Las Vegas -- the forensic investigators. Led by veteran Gil Grissom, the remarkable team assigned to the Criminalistics Bureau's graveyard shift -- including Catherine Willows, Warrick Brown, Nick Stokes, and Sara Sidle -- must combine cutting-edge scientific methods and old-fashioned savvy as they work to untangle the evidence behind the yellow police tape. While Nick and Catherine investigate a newly discovered fifteen-year-old murder, Grissom and the rest of the team must uncover the indentity of a cold-blooded killer -- one whose execution-style, ""double-tap"" signature has provoked the interest of FBI agent Rick Culpepper."
9780192834423 Olive Chancellor and Basil Ransom, cousins, clash, when Olive wants Verena Tarrant to use her eloquence for the woman's movement, and Basil wants Verena to give up politics and marry him.
9780439411370 As Tilt, Perry, Sammi, and Dominic prepare to ascend Mt. Everest, they must deal with low supplies, high altitude, dangerous terrain, government officials, sabotage, and an approaching storm.
9780590032490 A young boy and his Norwegian grandmother, who is an expert on witches, together foil a witches' plot to destroy the world's children by turning them into mice.
9780192840318 'Lord Orville did me the honour to hand me to the coach, talking all the way of the honour I had done him! O these fashionable people!' Frances Burney's first and most enduringly popular novel is a vivid, satirical, and seductive account of the pleasures and dangers of fashionable life in late eighteenth-century London. As she describes her heroine's entry into society, womanhood and, inevitably, love, Burney exposes the vulnerability of female innocence in an image-conscious and often cruel world where social snobbery and sexual aggression are played out in the public arenas of pleasure-gardens, theatre visits, and balls. But Evelina's innocence also makes her a shrewd commentator on the excesses and absurdities of manners and social ambitions - as well as attracting the attention of the eminently eligible Lord Orville. Evelina, comic and shrewd, is at once a guide to fashionable London, a satirical attack on the new consumerism, an investigation of women's position in the late eighteenth century, and a love story. The new introduction and full notes to this edition help make this richness all the more readily available to a modern reader.
9780767905206 Libby Mason, who dreams of marrying a wealthy man, finds herself torn between Nick, a struggling writer who makes up for his lack of funds with his passion in bed, and Ed, Britain's wealthiest but stodgiest bachelor.
9780812555240 Professor Edward Kitchener's savage murder thrusts Psi-boosted veteran Greg Mandel into an urgent investigation that ends in a confrontation with a past that, according to Kitchener's theories, may never actually have happened. Reprint.
9780736910194 Women eager to bring simplicity to their busy lives will embrace the principles presented in this exciting study guide based on Elizabeth George's new Life Management for Busy Women. With clear and inspired steps for women eager to become better stewards of their time and their lives, this study guide complements all the major sections of the book, including: Spiritual Life: first things first Home Life: minding the stewardship of place Mental Life: minding your mind Easily adaptable to individual or group study, Life Management for Busy Women Growth and Study Guide will help women of all ages, in all stages of life, learn to see and follow God's blueprint for their lives.
9780441014224 Nermesa Klandes joins the Aquilonian army in hopes of serving his liege, King Conan, until he becomes a hero in his own right after killing a Pictish leader, but his victory is short-lived when he unwittingly unleashes an unholy force that could destroy the Aquilonian Empire. Original.
9780441004997 Aerin, with the guidance of the wizard Luthe and the help of the blue sword, wins the birthright due her as the daughter of the Damarian king and a witchwoman of the mysterious, demon-haunted North.
9780385335973 In eighteenth-century Scotland, Claire Randall and her raven-haired daughter, Brianna, return to the majestic hills where Claire recalls the love of her life--gallant warrior James Fraser.
9781596321281 If one man is good, then two are so much better. An erotic romance anthology for those who like it hot, hard and oh so wickedly delicious, with stories by USA Today bestselling author Angela Knight, and erotic romance rising stars Morgan Hawke and Sheri Gilmore. PUBLISHER'S NOTE: This anthology is also available in e-book format, and contains material some readers may find offensive.
9781574889239 Told from the Japanese perspective, using largely Japanese sources, this volume represents the first substantive contribution to the West's understanding of Midway in more than a generation.
9780743449670 A mysterious plague in the Antarctic.A diamond empire run by an evil genius.A devastating new technology that threatens to annihilate millions. Tasman Sea, 1856. A British clipper ship bound for Australia's penal colony is crushed in a raging typhoon. A few pitiful survivors wash up on a deserted island. Among them are Betsy Fletcher and Jess Dorsett, who discover an immense supply of exquisite diamonds... Seymour Island, Antarctica, 2000. Dirk Pitt rescues Maeve Fletcher, a descendant of Betsy and Jess, after an unknouwn cataclysm kills thousands of marine animals and nearly two hundred people aboard a cruise ship. Pitt traces the carnage to the global diamond operations of Maeve's father, Arthur Dorsett, and her callous sisters. From a chilling escape at a high-security Canadian mine to a tiny boat adrift on lonely, shark-infested seas, the ingenious Pitt is racing to thwart Dorsett's ruthless plans - before an unthinkable disaster claims millions of innocent lives.
9780349110011 A collection of insightful and uproariously funny non-fiction by the bestselling author of INFINITE JEST - one of the most acclaimed and adventurous writers of our time. A SUPPOSEDLY FUN THING... brings together Wallace's musings on a wide range of topics, from his early days as a nationally ranked tennis player to his trip on a commercial cruiseliner. In each of these essays, Wallace's observations are as keen as they are funny. Filled with hilarious details and invigorating analyses, these essays brilliantly expose the fault line in American culture - and once again reveal David Foster Wallace's extraordinary talent and gargantuan intellect.
9781401212223 After earning a fortune by cashing in on his own legend, Little Jack Horner--a.k.a. Jack B. Nimble, a.k.a. Jack the Giant Killer--is stripped of his wealth, banished from Fabletown, and tossed into a gulag filled with other renegade fables.
9780553381399 Presents the story of the great Athenian warrior and general Alcibiades, from his great victories on behalf of Athens to his later alliances with Sparta and Persia and his role in the eventual downfall of Athens.
9781857151336 Poet and pervert, Humbert Humbert becomes obsessed by twelve-year-old Lolita and seeks to possess her, first carnally and then artistically, out of love, 'to fix once for all the perilous magic of nymphets'. Is he in love or insane? A silver-tongued poet or a pervert? A tortured soul or a monster? Or is he all of these? Humbert Humbert's seduction is one of many dimensions in Nabokov's dizzying masterpiece, which is suffused with a savage humour and rich, elaborate verbal textures.
9780060725143 When the nineteenth--century ghost of Maria de Silva wakes her up in the middle of the night, Suze knows this is no ordinary visitation -- and not just from the knife at her throat, either. In life, Maria was the fiancée of Jesse -- the same Jesse who was murdered a hundred and fifty years before. The same Jesse Suze is in love with. Maria threatens Suze: The backyard construction must cease. Suze has a pretty good idea what -- or rather, who -- Maria doesn't want found. But in solving Jesse's murder, will Suze end up losing him forever?
"9780060936501 If, as Matt Ridley suggests, science is simply the search for new forms of ignorance, then perhaps it follows that with science's advances come new questions. Will human genetic engineering become commonplace? Will human cloning ever be safe? Are there many universes? How much will the climate change during the coming century? The Best American Science Writing 2002 gathers top writers and scientists covering the latest developments in the fastest-changing, farthest-reaching scientific fields, such as medicine, genetics, computer technology, evolutionary psychology, cutting-edge physics, and the environment. Among this year's selections: In ""The Made-to-Order Savior,"" Lisa Belkin spotlights two desperate families seeking an unprecedented cure by a medically and ethically unprecedented means -- creating a genetically matched child. Margaret Talbot's ""A Desire to Duplicate"" reveals that the first human clone may very likely come from an entirely unexpected source, and sooner than we think. Michael Specter reports on the shock waves rippling through the field of neuroscience following the revolutionary discovery that adult brain cells might in fact regenerate (""Rethinking the Brain""). Christopher Dickey's ""I Love My Glow Bunny"" recounts with sly humor a peculiar episode in which genetic engineering and artistic culture collide. Natalie Angier draws an insightful contrast between suicide terrorists and rescue workers who risk their lives, and finds that sympathy and altruism have a definite place in the evolution of human nature, David Berlinski's ""What Brings a World into Being?"" ponders the idea of biology and physics as essentially digital technologies, exploring the mysteries encoded in the universe's smallest units, be they cells or quanta. Nicholas Wade shows how one of the most controversial books of the year, The Skeptical Environmentalist, by former Greenpeace member and self-described leftist Bjorn Lomborg, debunks some of the most cherished tenets of the environmental movement, suggesting that things are perhaps not as bad as we've been led to believe. And as a counterpoint, Darcy Frey's profile of George Divoky reveals a dedicated researcher whose love of birds and mystery leads to some sobering discoveries about global warming and forcefully reminds us of the unsung heroes of science: those who put in long hours, fill in small details, and take great trouble. In the end, the unanswered questions are what sustain scientific inquiry, open new frontiers of knowledge, and lead to new technologies and medical treatments. The Best American Science Writing 2002 is a series of exciting reports from science's front lines, where what we don't know is every bit as important as what we know."
9780142004104 A survey of the historical contributions of Eadweard Muybridge documents his role in filmmaking technology and as a war photographer before standing trial for the murder of his wife's lover, tracing how his life reflected America in the nineteenth century. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
9780061312113 These works, as the sub-title makes clear, are unfinished sketches for Philosophical Investigations, possibly the most important and influential philosophical work of modern times. The 'Blue Book' is a set of notes dictated to Witgenstein's Cambridge students in 1933-1934: the 'Brown Book' was a draft for what eventually became the growth of the first part of Philosophical Investigations. This book reveals the germination and growth of the ideas which found their final expression in Witgenstein's later work. It is indispensable therefore to students of Witgenstein's thought and to all those who wish to study at first-hand the mental processes of a thinker who fundamentally changed the course of modern philosophy.
9780192824257 Provides a new translation of the classic account of the wars between the Greek city-states and Persia, and of the culture of the peoples who took part
9780380809066 Roger Zelazny's Chronicles of Amber have earned their place as all-time classics of imaginative literature. Now here are all ten novels, together in one magnificent omnibus volume. Witness the titanic battle for supremacy waged on Earth, in the Courts of Chaos, and on a magical world of mystery, adventure, and romance.
9780812574999 When the Demon Jupiter is provoked into hurling his dreaded Red Spot at the magical land of Xanth, it falls to Umlaut, a young man with a mysterious past and unknown future, and his companions to defend the enchanted realm from certain catastrophe, in the twenty-sixth novel in the popular Xanth series. Reprint.
9780156027786 Woolf’s first and most popular volume of essays. This collection has more than twenty-five selections, including such important statements as “Modern Fiction” and “The Modern Essay.” Edited and with an Introduction by Andrew McNeillie; Index.
"9780449210505 The Bridge at Andau is James A. Michener at his most gripping. His classic nonfiction account of a doomed uprising is as searing and unforgettable as any of his bestselling novels. For five brief, glorious days in the autumn of 1956, the Hungarian revolution gave its people a glimpse at a different kind of future--until, at four o'clock in the morning on a Sunday in November, the citizens of Budapest awoke to the shattering sound of Russian tanks ravaging their streets. The revolution was over. But freedom beckoned in the form of a small footbridge at Andau, on the Austrian border. By an accident of history it became, for a few harrowing weeks, one of the most important crossings in the world, as the soul of a nation fled across its unsteady planks. BONUS: This edition includes an excerpt from James A. Michener's Poland. Praise for The Bridge at Andau ""Precise, vivid . . . immeasurably stirring.""--The Atlantic Monthly ""Dramatic, chilling, enraging.""--San Francisco Chronicle ""Superb.""--Kirkus Reviews ""Highly recommended reading.""--Library Journal"
9780152050863 In 1520, thirteen-year-old Anne Boleyn, jealous of her older sister's beauty and position at court, declares that she will one day be queen of England, and that her sister will kneel at her feet.
"9780373285235 In ""All the Possibilities"" a cynical politician falls for a free-spirited beauty despite their long-standing family feud, while in ""One Man's Art"" a reclusive cartoonist learns to love again with the help of a glamorous artist."
"9781416505495 Teenager Clifford ""Kip"" Russell wins second prize in a soap jingle contest, a used worn spacesuit, and, while trying on his prize in his backyard, suddenly finds himself on a space odyssey as a prisoner aboard the ship of a space pirate, headed toward the Moon and a series of encounters with many bizarre creatures and situations. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
9780553297836 When her late husband's business partner, Worth Lansing-- never anything more than a friend--asks her to spend a weekend with him in Acapulco, Cyn McCall must choose between a life spent in mourning and a new beginning. Reprint.
9780345478245 Those stories you hear? The ones about things that only come out at night? Things that feed on blood, feed on us? Got news for you: they’re true. Only it’s not like the movies or old man Stoker’s storybook. It’s worse. Especially if you happen to be one of them. Just ask Joe Pitt. There’s a shambler on the loose. Some fool who got himself infected with a flesh-eating bacteria is lurching around, trying to munch on folks’ brains. Joe hates shamblers, but he’s still the one who has to deal with them. That’s just the kind of life he has. Except afterlife might be better word. From the Battery to the Bronx, and from river to river, Manhattan is crawling with Vampyres. Joe is one of them, and he’s not happy about it. Yeah, he gets to be stronger and faster than you, and he’s tough as nails and hard to kill. But spending his nights trying to score a pint of blood to feed the Vyrus that’s eating at him isn’t his idea of a good time. And Joe doesn’t make it any easier on himself. Going his own way, refusing to ally with the Clans that run the undead underside of Manhattan–it ain’t easy. It’s worse once he gets mixed up with the Coalition–the city’s most powerful Clan–and finds himself searching for a poor little rich girl who’s gone missing in Alphabet City. Now the Coalition and the girl’s high-society parents are breathing down his neck, anarchist Vampyres are pushing him around, and a crazy Vampyre cult is stalking him. No time to complain, though. Got to find that girl and kill that shambler before the whip comes down . . . and before the sun comes up.
9780689823824 Here is a delightful look at childhood, written by master poet and storyteller Robert Louis Stevenson. In this collection of sixty-six poems, Stevenson recalls the joys of his childhood, from sailing boats down a river, to waiting for the lamplighter, to sailing off to foreign lands in his imagination. Tasha Tudor's watercolor paintings evoke a simpler time in the past, and celebrate two of the things she loves most -- children and nature. Her talents are the perfect match for these inspiring poems, making this a handsome gift edition that will be cherished by families for generations.
"9780812696011 ""A collection of philosophical essays about the undead: beings such as vampires and zombies who are physically or mentally dead yet not at rest. Topics addressed include the metaphysics and ethics of undeath""--Provided by publisher."
9781579126247 A is for Ascher, cudgeled in Andover. B is for Barnard, strangled in Bexhill. C is for Clarke, struck down in Churston. Beside each body is an A.B.C. Railway guide; before each murder Hercule Poirot is notified. In one of Christie's most twisted tales, the meticulous Belgian sleuth must navigate the eerie maze of a serial killer's mind. D is for Doncaster, where the next victim dies... E is for evidence, ingeniously analyzed.
"9780802133113 ""It's the women who upset the applecart. Between themselves they talk only about the practicalities of life"", declares Duras in this collection of her transcribed conversations with friend Jerome Beaujour. Some of her free-ranging meditations are short and deceptively simple, while many are autobiographical and reveal her most intimate thoughts about motherhood, her struggle with alcohol, her love for a young man, and more."
9780143034759 The personal life of Alexander Hamilton, an illegitimate, largely self-taught orphan from the Caribbean who rose to become George Washington's aide-de-camp and the first Treasury Secretary of the United States, is captured in a definitive biography by the National Book Award-winning author of The House of Morgan. Reprint.
9780521315791 This book is an advanced critical introduction to Greek tragedy. It is written specifically for the reader who does not know Greek and who may be unfamiliar with the context of the Athenian drama festival but who nevertheless wants to appreciate the plays in all their complexity. Simon Goldhill aims to combine the best contemporary scholarly criticism in classics with a wide knowledge of modern literary studies in other fields. He discusses the masterpieces of Athenian drama in the light of contemporary critical controversies in such a way as to enable the student or scholar not only to understand and appreciate the texts of the most commonly read plays, but also to evaluate and utilize the range of approaches to the problems of ancient drama.
9780939666508 Recounts the history of Yosemite, covering the Awahneeches, its first inhabitants, the explorers who introduced it to the outside world, and the naturalists who struggled to protect it
9780765344304 A poisoned Richard Rahl faces a difficult choice when he is promised an antidote and the salvation of an endangered empire if he will surrender his beloved wife, Kahlan Amnell, to his enemy, in a new adventure in the Sword of Truth series. Reprint.
9780345490094 The Republic, aided by Delta squad and a notorious ARC trooper, take on their ultimate challenge, the elite Omega Squad, a team of warrior clone commandos possessing deadly combat skills and an arsenal of weaponry.
9780330418881 When cartoonist Jane Harris's best friend Holly announces that she's eloping to the Italian Riviera with longtime boyfriend Mark, and asks Jane to be her maid-of-honour, Jane jumps at the chance, delighted by the prospect of her first ever trip to Europe. What Jane doesn't gamble on is Mark's choice for best man, journalist Cal Langdon. It's hate at first sight for Jane and Cal. But when Holly and Mark's wedding plans hit a major snag that only Jane and Cal can repair, the two find themselves having to put aside their mutual dislike for one another in order to get their best friends on the road to wedded bliss - and end up on a path neither of them ever expected to tread. . . Told in diary form and in emails, Every Boy's Got One is a brilliant, funny and highly original follow on to the internationally successful Meg Cabot adult novels, The Guy Next Door and Boy Meets Girl.Boy Meets Girl: 'This tale is a hoot' Entertainment Weekly 'Cabot's novel is delightfully fun to read' Booklist
"9780679446088 The eagerly awaited novel from the author of the award-winning Such a Long Journey is set in India in the mid-1970s. A ""State of Internal Emergency"" has been declared, and in the days of bleakness and hope that follow, four disparate people find their lives becoming unexpectedly and inextricably entwined. Author readings."
9780143030904 Who Killed Twenty-Four-Year-Old Priscilla Hart? And Why Would Anyone Want To Murder This Idealistic American Student Who Had Come To India To Volunteer In A Women S Health Programme? Had Her Work Made A Killer Out Of An Enraged Husband? Or Was Her Death The Result Of A Xenophobic Attack? Was She Involved In An Indiscriminate Love Affair That Had Spun Out Of Control? Or Was She Simply The Innocent Victim Of A Riot That Had Exploded In That Fateful Year Of 1987 Between Hindus And Muslims? Shashi Tharoor Experiments Brilliantly With Narrative Form, Chronicling The Mystery Of Priscilla Hart S Death Through The Often Contradictory Accounts Of A Dozen Or More Characters. Intellectually Provocative And Emotionally Charged, Riot Is A Novel About The Ownership Of History, About Love, Hate, Cultural Collision, Religious Fanaticism And The Impossibility Of Knowing The Truth.
9780813025933 The life and accomplishments of one of America's most famous ballerinas is highlighted in this monumental portrait of Suzanne Farrell, the celebrated muse to George Balanchine. (Performing Arts)
9780553275605 Tired of being mistaken for her identical twin sister, Elizabeth, Jessica Wakefield undergoes a complete makeover, dyes her hair black, and begins wearing outrageous clothes.
9780340689608 Flatmates Fiona, Kerry and Linzi have problems enough squabbling over the itemised phone bill and whose turn it is to do the washing up. But nothing can prepare them for the chaos which ensues when Linzi's latest boyfriend arrives on the scene. Gorgeous but feckless, Gaetano spells trouble with a capital 'T'. And soon events are spiralling out of everyone's control . . .
9781859840542 Explores the work of Mother Teresa, questioning her association with corrupt and cruel leaders and discussing the way wealthy western society promotes her as a celebrity
9780521437776 After identifying its anthropological origins in ancient rituals performed by a shaman or wizard, this text traces the development of the Magus through pre-Christian religious and mystic philosophers, medieval sorcerers and alchemists and the 18th and 19th century occult revival.
9780425197394 Dirk Pitt responds to a call of distress and finds himself coping with a modern Greek goddess in a red bikini, a vast drug-smuggling ring, a still-active Nazi criminal, and a perilous undersea labyrinth.
9780140009378 Berry Conway and his old school friend Lord Bickerton, otherwise known as Biscuit, are out to make money--big money. An opportunity presents itself when T. Paterson Frisby, for whom Berry works as a secretary, is looking for a chaperon for his American niece, Ann Moon. Berry knows that Biscuit has an Aunt Vera who will be ideal for the job, and he and Biscuit set it up, hoping for a commission. What they don't bargain for is the fact that she is prepared to become engaged to more than one man at a time . . .
9780330304214 These stories, inspired by Bach's lifelong passion for flight, filled with memories of friends from the past and friends not yet met, are woven together with warmth, honesty and courage. With signs and signals, coincidences and tangents turning up at every juncture, Bach shows how truly complex and beautiful life can be, and also how its troubles can in fact knock us onto better paths or teach us lessons we benefit from in other situations. Drawing on the allegorical power of flight, each a mini-parable, these stories will inspire you with their simple experiences made technicolour by the prism of Bach's extraordinary imagination. Celebrating Richard Bach's unique vision, these transcend their pages to touch the real drama of life with magic that reaches out to us all across its limitless horizons.
"9781400095414 Two young men--student rabbi Reuven Malter and his old friend, Danny Saunders, who has abandoned his Hasidic traditions to become a psychologist--question the ""orthodoxy"" of values and religion in a world cut off from their Hasidic traditions. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
9780061131523 A former European entrepreneur recounts how she fell in love with Lketinga, a Masai warrior, while vacationing in Kenya and subsequently uprooted her life to move to the isolated bush country of Africa, where they worked to build a relationship in spite of difficult language and cultural barriers. 30,000 first printing.
9780451210852 Roland is drawn through a gateway of time and space into the drug-and-crime-ridden world of the twentieth-century to battle a dark power determined to prevent his search for the Dark Tower.
9780201408256 Richard P. Feynman (1918–1988) was widely recognized as the most creative physicist of the post–World War II period. His career was extraordinarily expansive. From his contributions to the development of the atomic bomb a Los Alamos during World War II to his work in quantum electrodynamics, for which he was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1965, Feynman was celebrated for his brilliant and irreverent approach to physics.It was Feynman's outrageous and scintillating method of teaching that earned him legendary status among students and professors of physics. From 1961–1963, Feynman, at the California Institute of Technology, delivered a series of lectures that revolutionized the teaching of physics around the world. Six Easy Pieces, taken from the famous Lectures on Physics, represents the most accessible material from this series. In these six chapters, Feynman introduces the general reader to the following topics: atoms, basic physics, the relationship of physics to other topics, energy, gravitation, and quantum force. With his dazzling and inimitable wit, Feynman presents each discussion without equations or technical jargon.Readers will remember how—using ice water and rubber—Feynman demonstrated with stunning simplicity to a nationally televised audience the physics of the 1986 Challenger disaster. It is precisely this ability—the clear and direct illustration of complex theories—that made Richard Feynman one of the most distinguished educators in the world. Filled with wonderful examples and clever illustrations, Six Easy Pieces is the ideal introduction to the fundamentals of physics by one of the most admired and accessible scientists of our time.
9781586638221 Enduringly profound treatise, whose lasting effect on Western philosophy continues to resonate. Aristotle identifies the goal of life as happiness and discusses its attainment through the contemplation of philosophic truth.
9780061020094 As S&M photographer Jared Poe waits on Louisiana's Death Row to be executed for the murder of his lover, he can not imagine that his search for the true killer will continue after his death in the shadowy realm of The Crow
9780571161157 Dog and cat owners are becoming increasingly concerned about the saftey of processed pet food and the possible side-effects of over-use of antibiotics and hormone treatments. This new edition, thoroughly revised and updated, covers Natural Rearing, herbal medicine and disease prevention.
"9780618260225 Discusses the making of the movie trilogy based on J.R.R. Tolkien's ""The Lord of the Rings,"" covering topics including filming locations, special effects, costumes, battle scenes, characters, and music."
"9781862301382 What can the peace-loving mice of Redwall Abbey do to defend themselves against a battle-seasoned army of rats? Teeming with riddles, humor, unforgettable characters, and high-bounding adventure, ""Redwall"" launched a series that has captured the world's attention."
9780553493849 Connor doesn't know what everyone's problem is. His mom, his sister, Alanna--none of them can take care of themselves anymore. So he'll just have to do it for them, whether they like it or not.
"9780674992405 These volumes contain the teachings (""Discourses"") of the slave-philosopher Epictetus (55 A.D-135 AD). Also included in volume 2 are ""Fragments"", additional pieces from other (now lost) books of the ""Discourses""; and ""The Encheirdion"", a collection of practical precepts for stoicism which can be seen as a handbook for life."
9780441012039 Case, a burned-out computer whiz, is asked to steal a security code that is locked in the most heavily guarded databank in the solar system, in a special twentieth anniversary edition of the influential Hugo, Nebula, and Philip K. Dick Award-winning novel.
9780679721819 In a small Georgia town, Mama Day, uses her gifts as a seer and healer, but her powers are ultimately tested when her beloved niece's life hangs in the balance
9780307265432 In a novel set in an indefinite, futuristic, post-apocalyptic world, a father and his young son make their way through the ruins of a devastated American landscape, struggling to survive and preserve the last remnants of their own humanity. 250,000 first printing.
9780195061666 At once a vigorous translation of one of Euripides' most subtle and witty plays, and a wholly fresh interpretation, this version reveals for the first time the extraordinary formal beauty and thematic concentration of the Alcestis. William Arrowsmith rejects the standard view of the Alcestis as a psychological study of the egotist Admetos and his naive but devoted wife. His translation, instead, presents the play as a drama of human existence--in keeping with the tradition of Greek tragedy--with recognizably human characters who also represent masked embodiments of human conditions.
9781895176407 This book details the natural history of the plants and animals found in the Galapagos Islands. A list of the dominant plants according to vegetation zone is included. Of particular note is the discussion of the problems of colonisation by founding populations, biological evolution, and ecology, and of the evolutionary processes bringing about species diversity.
"9780312300333 The historical record crowns success. Those enshrined in its annals are men and women whose ideas, accomplishments, or personalities have dominated, endured, and most important of all, found champions. John F. Kennedy's Profiles in Courage, Giorgio Vasari's Lives of the Artists, and Samuel Johnson's Lives of the Poets are classic celebrations of the greatest, the brightest, the eternally constellated. Paul Collins' Banvard's Folly is a different kind of book. Here are thirteen unforgettable portraits of forgotten people: men and women who might have claimed their share of renown but who, whether from ill timing, skullduggery, monomania, the tinge of madness, or plain bad luck-or perhaps some combination of them all-leapt straight from life into thankless obscurity. Among their number are scientists, artists, writers, entrepreneurs, and adventurers, from across the centuries and around the world. They hold in common the silenced aftermath of failure, the name that rings no bells. Collins brings them back to glorious life. John Banvard was an artist whose colossal panoramic canvasses (one behemoth depiction of the entire eastern shore of the Mississippi River was simply known as ""The Three Mile Painting"") made him the richest and most famous artist of his day. . . before he decided to go head to head with P. T. Barnum. René Blondot was a distinguished French physicist whose celebrated discovery of a new form of radiation, called the N-Ray, went terribly awry. At the tender age of seventeen, William Henry Ireland signed ""William Shakespeare"" to a book and launched a short but meteoric career as a forger of undiscovered works by the Bard -- until he pushed his luck too far. John Symmes, a hero of the War of 1812, nearly succeeded in convincing Congress to fund an expedition to the North Pole, where he intended to prove his theory that the earth was hollow and ripe for exploitation; his quixotic quest counted Jules Verne and Edgar Allan Poe among its greatest admirers. Collins' love for what he calls the ""forgotten ephemera of genius"" give his portraits of these figures and the other nine men and women in Banvard's Folly sympathetic depth and poignant relevance. Their effect is not to make us sneer or revel in schadenfreude; here are no cautionary tales. Rather, here are brief introductions-acts of excavation and reclamation-to people whom history may have forgotten, but whom now we cannot."
9781580495868 As he faces battle in the Civil War for the first time, a young Union soldier comes to grips with his fear and conflicting emotions about war. This edition includes Crane's short sequel, The veteran.
9780007154845 A mysterious stranger appears at a New Year's Eve party, becoming the enigmatic sleuthing sidekick to the snobbish Mr Satterthwaite... So far, it had been a typical New Year's Eve house party. But Mr Satterthwaite - a keen observer of human nature - sensed that the real drama of the evening was yet to unfold. So it proved when a mysterious stranger arrived after midnight. Who was this Mr Quin? And why did his presence have such a pronounced effect on Eleanor Portal, the woman with the dyed-black hair?
9780679776314 Presents an overview of the physical laws of the universe, with an explanation of the theories of relativity and quantum mechanics, cosmology, the Big Bang, black holes, and string and M theory.
9780674990333 Cicero (Marcus Tullius, 106–43 BCE), Roman lawyer, orator, politician and philosopher, of whom we know more than of any other Roman, lived through the stirring era which saw the rise, dictatorship, and death of Julius Caesar in a tottering republic. In his political speeches especially and in his correspondence we see the excitement, tension and intrigue of politics and the part he played in the turmoil of the time. Of about 106 speeches, delivered before the Roman people or the Senate if they were political, before jurors if judicial, 58 survive (a few of them incompletely). In the fourteenth century Petrarch and other Italian humanists discovered manuscripts containing more than 900 letters of which more than 800 were written by Cicero and nearly 100 by others to him. These afford a revelation of the man all the more striking because most were not written for publication. Six rhetorical works survive and another in fragments. Philosophical works include seven extant major compositions and a number of others; and some lost. There is also poetry, some original, some as translations from the Greek. The Loeb Classical Library edition of Cicero is in twenty-nine volumes.
9780736903707 Bestselling author Kay Arthur tells the dramatic story of the nation of Israel, painting a living panorama that will forever change the way we view God's people. This new paperback edition features a new cover and a historical timeline.
"9780375755194 Offers a collection of witty, emotional, and direct poems by the popular and critically acclaimed poet, including selections from his four previous collections and new works such as ""Man Listening to a Disc,"" about headphones."
9780679742586 During her family's annual car trip from Chicago to Mexico City, Lala Reyes listens to stories about her family, including her grandmother, the descendant of famous shawl makers, one of which has come into Lala's possession.
9780800871864 Sustained by dreams of glorious martyrdom, a seventeenth-century Purtuguese missionary in Japan administers to the outlawed Christians until Japanese authorities capture him and force him to watch the torture of his followers, promising to stop if he will renounce Christ.
"9780345418265 In this 30th anniversary edition, Goldman frames the famous fairy tale with an ""autobiographical"" story: his father abridged the book as he read it to his son. Now, Goldman is publishing an abridged version, interspersed with comments on the parts he cut out."
9780688085872 Despite the numerous books on World War II, until now there has been no one-volume survey that was both objective and comprehensive. Previous volumes have usually been written from an exclusively British or American point of view, or have ignored the important causes and consequences of the War. A Short History of World War II is essentially a military history, but it reaches from the peace settlements of World War I to the drastically altered postwar world of the late 1940's. Lucidly written and eminently readable, it is factual and accurate enough to satisfy professional historians. A Short History of World War II will appeal equally to the general reader, the veteran who fought in the War, and the student interested in understanding the contemporary political world.
9780805390490 This revised edition of Feynman’s legendary lectures includes extensive corrections Feynman and his colleagues received and Caltech approved, making this the definitive edition ofThe Feynman Lectures on Physics. For all readers interested in physics.
9780099766810 Cry the Beloved Country is the deeply moving story of the Zulu pastor Stephen Kumalo and his son Absalom, set against the background of a land and a people riven by racial injustice. Remarkable for its contemporaneity, unforgettable for character and incident, Cry the Beloved Country is a classic work of love and hope, courage and endurance, born of the dignity of man.
9780768423488 Experiencing Father's Embrace is an excellent resource for anyone interested in growing or ministering in the Father's love message. The author's style of writing makes this book easy to read, yet it is one of the most thorough and profoundly impacting books available on knowing God as a Father.
9780743498715 Inventor, girl genius Tinker lives in a near-future Pittsburgh which now exists mostly in the land of the elves. She runs her salvage business, pays her taxes, and tries to keep the local ambient level of magic down with gadgets of her own design. When a pack of wargs chase an Elven noble into her scrap yard, life as she knows it takes a serious detour. Tinker finds herself taking on the Elven court, the NSA, the Elven Interdimensional Agency, technology smugglers and a college-minded Xenobiologist as she tries to stay focused on what's really important - her first date. Armed with an intelligence the size of a planet, steel-toed boots, and a junkyard dog attitude, Tinker is ready to kick butt to get her first kiss.
9780385415606 Determined to become a painter, Francesca Visser's dream is shattered when her father--a struggling artist--arranges a marriage between her and Ludolf Van Deventer, a wealthy shipbroker, in order to pay back a debt
9780395754900 The Second Edition of this complete collection of Shakespeare's plays and poems features two essays on recent criticism and productions, fully updated textual notes, a photographic insert of recent productions, and two works recently attributed to Shakespeare. The authors of the essays on recent criticism and productions are Heather DuBrow, University of Wisconsin at Madison, and William Liston, Ball State University, respectively.
9780756620950 Featuring character profiles, maps, art from original paperbacks, and more, this is the first and only fully illustrated guide to Robert E. Howard's epic fantasy world of Hyboria and to Conan, its greatest champion. Full color.
9780310243885 Nearly losing her life in a car accident, U.S. Supreme Court justice Millicent turns to her new pastor for guidance and experiences a profound religious conversion that causes her to rethink her voting choices and become subject to impeachment. Original.
9780440419679 Francis Tucket, traveling the Oregon trail on a wagon, has many adventures after being kidnapped by Pawnee Indians, including meeting a one-armed man, rescuing abandoned children, and enduring bandits and fierce storms on his trek home.
9780586066881 An evil wind blows through Midkemia. Dark legions have risen up to crush the Kingdom of the Isles and enslave it to dire magics. The final battle between Order and Chaos is abotu to begin in the ruins of the city called Sethanon.Now Pug, the master magician sometimes known as Milamber, must undertake an awesome and perilous quest to the dawn of time to grapple with an ancient and terrible Enemy for the fate of a thousand worlds.
9780393924954 Available in both one-volume and two-volume paperback editions, A History of Modern Europe presents a panoramic survey of modern Europe from the Renaissance to the present day. A seasoned teacher and talented historian, Professor John Merriman offers a carefully crafted narrative that guides students through a vast amount of complex material, integrating the many aspects of the European experience into a larger, interconnected whole. A full ten percent shorter than its predecessor, the Second Edition has tightened organization throughout to make room for recent research and descriptions of the current issues and events that define Europe's role in the world today.
"9780842342704 The first book in the author's successful ""last days"" series follows a 747 pilot as he tries to recover from the effects of ""The Rapture."" Reprint."
"9780425191194 Hired to locate the complete text of Truman Capote's ""Answered Prayers,"" Archy McNally encounters a series of dead ends before finding the manuscript's owner murdered in a sleazy motel."
9780451528018 Sir Charles Baskerville's sudden heart attack and death have the townspeople in shock and searching for the one to blame--the family dog--while Sherlock Holmes leads the investigation.
9780060906825 In a deepening of the thinking begun in The Myth of Analysis and Re-Visioning Psychology, James Hillman develops the first new view of dreams since Freud and Jung.
9780786931965 Follows the adventures and exploits of the minotaurs as they become caught up in the chaos, fallout, and changing destinies that resulted from the War of Souls.
9780394751221 In this sequel to The History of Sexuality, Volume I: An Introduction, the brilliantly original French thinker who died in 1984 gives an analysis of how the ancient Greeks perceived sexuality. Throughout The Uses of Pleasure Foucault analyzes an irresistible array of ancient Greek texts on eroticism as he tries to answer basic questions: How in the West did sexual experience become a moral issue? And why were other appetites of the body, such as hunger, and collective concerns, such as civic duty, not subjected to the numberless rules and regulations and judgments that have defined, if not confined, sexual behavior?
9789027712059 Since the three volume edition ofHegel's Philosophy of Subjective Spirit (1978, 19792) has been so well received, I have been encouraged to select that part of it most suitable for teaching purposes, and to publish it here as a separate work. As a teaching text, the Berlin Phenomenology has several important advan­ tages. Unlike so many ofHegel's writings, must notably theJena Phenomeno­ logy of 1807, it is concise and to the point, and concemed with issues already familiar to most students of philosophy. Since it consists for the most part of a searching and radical analysis of Kant's epistemology, Fichte's ethics and Schelling's system-building, it provides tirst-rate insight into Hegel's assessment of his immedi~te predecessors. When considered in context, as part of the Encyclopaedia if the Philosophical Sciences, it enables us to distinguish dearly between the systematic, the logical and the psychological aspects of Hegelianism, and is therefore also relevant to some of the central issues in modem phenomenology. It is to be hoped that the introduction and notes prepared for the present edition will prove helpful to both teachers and students. Every effort has been ma de to produce a thoroughly reliable ba sic text and an accurate translation. The text published in 1978 was prepared at the Hegel Archive in Bochum from photocopies, and I am most grateful to the Central Interfaculty of the Erasmus University, Rotterdam, for having made it possible for me to check the printed version against the original manuscripts.
9780465037384 With a new preface by the author, this reissue of Thomas Sowell's classic study of decision making updates his seminal work in the context of The Vision of the Annointed, Sowell, one of America's most celebrated public intellectuals, describes in concrete detail how knowledge is shared and disseminated throughout modern society. He warns that society suffers from an ever-widening gap between firsthand knowledge and decision making—a gap that threatens not only our economic and political efficiency, but our very freedom because actual knowledge gets replaced by assumptions based on an abstract and elitist social vision f what ought to be.Knowledge and Decisions, a winner of the 1980 Law and Economics Center Prize, was heralded as a ”landmark work” and selected for this prize ”because of its cogent contribution to our understanding of the differences between the market process and the process of government.” In announcing the award, the center acclaimed Sowell, whose ”contribution to our understanding of the process of regulation alone would make the book important, but in reemphasizing the diversity and efficiency that the market makes possible, [his] work goes deeper and becomes even more significant.”
"9780394832203 While apprenticed to the witch woman Juniper, a young girl struggles to save her family from the evil machinations of her power-hungry aunt Meroot. Prequel to ""Wise Child."""
9780451188458 Look who's back to chill readers to the bone... The first novel featuring Detective Lincoln Rhyme, from the New York Times bestselling author of The Stone Monkey.
"9780064404419 ""Culled from 69 stories collected in a [1930s] WPA project, [these 20] tales are organized into sections with themes like 'Tricksters' or 'Virtues and Vices,' each with a thoughtful introduction placing the individual stories in the context of feelings and background of the original tellers. Yep's telling is vigorous, often poetic, imbued with earthy humor and realism touched with fatalism. A handsomely designed collection."" —K. Notable Children's Books of 1989 (ALA) The USA Through Children's Books 1990 (ALA) 1989 Boston Globe–Horn Book Award for Nonfiction 1990 Fanfare Honor List (The Horn Book) 1989 Children's Editors' Choices (BL) Notable 1989 Children's Trade Books in Social Studies (NCSS/CBC) Children's Books of 1989 (Library of Congress) 1989 Children's Books (NY Public Library) ""The Best Books"" 1989 (Parents Magazine)"
9780807612743 Chronicles the life of Zari, the wife of a feudal landlord, as she attempts to preserve her family amidst the turbulence of the British occupation of southern Persia during World War II
9780140189223 Accompanied by two additional plays, presents the classic drama about literature and reality in which six characters involved in their own family drama come to life at a theater in the midst of a rehearsal, insisting that the theatrical company complete their story.
9781593073527 From the space-station headquarters of the Bounty Hunters' Guild, to untamed worlds on the edge of the galaxy, the Jedi must go where the Clone Wars take them. Mace Windu leads an elite Jedi strike force against an army of trained killers in a demonstration of Jedi power and resolve...Aayla Secura must confront her former Master in an effort to retrieve the plans for a weapon that has already destroyed one world...Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker must join forces with a renegade Jedi to prevent a fleet of warships from falling into the hands of the enemy... On whatever field of battle the Jedi find themselves, their greatest challenge is to remain true to their teachings and to the ways of the Force!
9780800637149 Objective, authoritative and lavishly illustrated with nearly 200 full-colour photographs, maps and diagrams, Introduction to World Religions will be widely welcomed by all those seeking to understand the complexity and diversity of the world's religious landscape.
9780140238280 The lives of two different couples--wealthy Los Angeles liberals Delaney and Kyra Mossbacher, and Candido and America Rincon, a pair of Mexican illegals--suddenly collide, in a story that unfolds from the shifting viewpoints of the various characters
9781857028157 The national bestseller--now in paperback. When the magician Parsifal dies, his assistant, Sabine, who was also for only the last few months of his life married to Parsifal, must sort out the emotional baggage she inherits.s
9780439194044 Readers take a step back in time to 16th-century France in this year-long diary of adolescent Mary, Queen of Scots, who has fled from homeland to the Court of her betrothed in France. Mary is only nine months old when she is crowned Queen of Scotland succeeding her father King James V. Because of political conflicts, she is forced to be separated from her mother and her country from the age of five. For the benefit of forging an alliance with France, the youngster is betrothed to Francis, the son of King Henry ll of France and his wife, the vicious and jealous Queen Catherine de Medici. Mary is sent to France to live in their care until she is old enough for the marriage to take place. It is at their home, the beautiful Chateau St. Germaine, that we first meet the irresistibly charming Mary at 11 years old. Keenly intelligent, she excels academically, and shows a talent for dance, music and poetry. She's an expert horsewoman, skilled at archery and hawking.
9780824522520 This volume of essays, written with the authors trademark elegance and wit, tackles subjects such as Action and Contemplation, Religion and Time, Reflections on the Lord's Prayer, and Notes on Zen.
"9780553213553 Crane's stark portrait of a young girl growing up amid the decay and filth of the Bowery slums highlights a selection of short fiction--which also includes ""The Open Boat,"" ""The Blue Hotel,"" and ""The Bride Comes to Yellow Sky."" Reissue."
9781405201711 Jo, Bessie and Fanny move to the country and find an Enchanted Wood right on their doorstep And in the wood stands the magic Faraway Tree, and in that tree live the magical characters that soon become their new friends - Moon-Face, Silky the fairy, and Saucepan Man. Together they climb through the clouds to the top of the tree and discover the Land of Spells, The Land of Secrets and the Land of Do-As-You-like. There are lots of magical adventures to read about in this bumper 3-in-1 edition.
"9780822002109 Presents a guide to understanding William Faulkner's ""As I Lay Dying,"" examining the life of the author, discussing the structure and narrative technique employed in the novel, featuring analysis and commentary on individual sections, and including character notes, and other study aids."
9780679783480 In 1991, Ambassador Maximilian Ophuls--ex-ambassador to India, and America's counterterrorism chief--is murdered on the Los Angeles doorstep of his illegitimate daughter's home by his Kashmiri Muslim driver, who calls himself Shalimar the Clown.
9780747569121 These Sideways Arithmetic problems may look puzzling at first, but you can use real maths to solve them, and the answers are perfectly logical. There are hints and clues, plus all the answers are in the book. Best of all, the kids you read about in the other titles about Wayside School are here to help you! Try solving the maths brainteasers in this book and you will be learning a lot of maths - but you will also be enjoying it and laughing too much to notice.
9780375726729 While on a ship bound for Turkey, Graham, an English armaments expert, discovers that he has become the intended victim of a murder plot by Nazi assassins out to prevent his return to England with plans for a Turkish defense system. Reprint. 12,500 first printing.
9780425192030 Aided through many crises throughout her life by the almost miraculous intervention of a stranger, Laura Shane learns the nature of her awesome destiny when, on her thirtieth birthday, the stranger finally requests her help. Reissue.
"9780688143886 The riotously funny Lilly, last seen in Chester's Way (Greenwillow), thinks her new baby brother, Julius, is disgusting -- if he was a number, he would be zero. But when Cousin Garland dares to criticize Julius, Lilly bullies her into loudly admiring Julius as the baby of the world.Lilly knows her baby brother is nothing but dreadful -- until she claims him for her own. ""Henkes displays a deep understanding of sibling rivalry and a child's fragile self-esteem....Lilly is a superb and timely heroine."" -- Publishers Weekly. """
9780060575816 Sabriel, daughter of the necromancer Abhorsen, must journey into the mysterious and magical Old Kingdom to rescue her father from the Land of the Dead.
9780440362050 A small boy finds excitement and promise in the daily life of his California valley during the early years of the twentieth century in this collection of short stories
9780765341426 In a second installment of the series that began with The Outstretched Shadow, Knight-Mage Kellen becomes a member of the Elves' war councils and fears for the safety of his Wild Magic-wielding sister, while proud Elf Knight Jermayan continues his efforts to become the first Elven Mage. Reprint.
9780886775162 With the kingdom of Valdemar once more threatened by dark sorcery, Princess Elspeth sets out to find a mentor who can awaken her own magical talents, accompanied by Darkwind, a Tayledras scout with his own extraordinary powers. Reissue.
9780618611690 A magical train ride on Christmas Eve takes a boy to the North Pole to receive a special gift from Santa Claus, in a slip-cased gift edition of the holiday classic. A Caldecott Medal Book.
9780310252191 Tested strategies for pastors and churches that want to be somewhere else in the postmodern world and need reliable and practical help to get there. Now revised and expanded. Formerly titled Reinventing Your Church.
9780842386876 In the fourth volume in the continuing saga of the Baxter family, Brooke Baxter, a woman who has accomplished everything in life--a successful career, beautiful home, and two wonderful children--finds her newfound faith and her shaky marriage challenged by overwhelming loss. Original.
9780743454537 A popular novel about a girl suing her parents because they want her to donate a kidney to her sister was named by the American Library Association as one of the top 10 books banned in 2009, with the novel being pulled from the shelves for a host of reasons, including homosexuality, sexually explicit material, religious viewpoint, drugs and suicide. Reprint. A best-selling book.
9780330481915 When a passenger craft goes down near Cuba, is it an accident, a terrorist incident, or an attack by Castro's regime? Robert McCabe, Washington journalist, has received an enigmatic message from a just-murdered friend, which suggests a lethal conspiracy is in motion.
"9781881244066 ""This is the first comprehensive translation and review of close to 600 Yorùbá songs that have been used in Cuba by Africans and their descendents, for over two hundred years, and in the U.S., since 1960, to prainse and envoke some 25 òrìṣà/deities. The classical character of the music, songs, and historic/elemental archetypes is discussed fully.""--Page 4 of cover."
9780830825707 James K. Beilby and Paul R. Eddy edit a collection of essays on four views of atonement: the healing view, the Christus victor view, the kaleidoscopic view and the penal substitutionary view. This is a book that will help Christians understand the issues, grasp the differences and proceed toward a clearer articulation of their understanding of the atonement.
9780385335676 At the Preemption, a mysterious apartment building with a prophetic doorman named Sender, the destinies of an offbeat group of tenants intertwine with the lives of three characters--James Branch, a shy accountant attached to the building's antique elevator; Wall Street lothario Patrick Rigg; and Rally McWilliams, an aspiring writer searching for a soulmate, in a collection of interlinked stories. Reissue. 45,000 first printing.
9780767915069 A travel writer with little background knowledge of Africa recounts his journey to Kenya at the invitation of CARE International, where he visited slums, historic sites, natural wonders, refugee camps, and relief projects.
9781852402877 Tells the story of an adventure that began when the authors, founders of IRIS Ministries, and both natives of California, USA, answered God's call to minister to the poorest of the poor.
9780345468031 Following the death of his longtime mentor, a young historian's peaceful and orderly life is undermined by personal and professional crises when he receives a letter dating back to the Revolutionary War that reveals a scandal that could alter forever American history and joins a committee investigating plagiarism charges against a female biographer who will do anything to stop them. Reprint. 30,000 first printing.
9780439321624 A history of the sport Quidditch, answering such questions such as where the Golden Snitch came from, or why the Wigtown Wanderers have meat cleavers on their robes.
9780590255226 Just as the Headmaster of Macdonald Hall is on the verge of retirement, a wave of practical jokes hits the school, and roommates Bruno and Boots become prime suspects.
9780872860025 These are four tales of contemporary life in a land where cannabis, rather than alcohol, customarily provides a way out of the phenomenological world. Thus, of the men in these stories, Salam uses suggestions supplied by smoking kif to rid himself of...
9780755301942 Gorgeous, world-famous cellist Evie Silverman is classical-lite through and through. Real musicians despise her. Her talent has been promoted way beyond its value because - apparently - everyone loves a blonde girl in lipstick who can do interesting things between her thighs. She's played for the President of the United States. She's played at No 10 Downing Street. And tonight she's playing for Royalty. But tonight she's also going to change her life. Tonight she's going to leave her husband. Tonight, for the first time in fifteen years, she's going to stand on her own two feet. For tomorrow begins her new life - starting with a trip to New York. It all too soon becomes apparent that breaking the rules - and escaping from your past - isn't what it's cracked up to be...
9780618709861 Pursued by rumors of the atrocities he committed in Vietnam, a politician and his wife seek refuge in a lakeside cabin in northern Minnesota, where a mystery unfolds when the wife mysterious vanishes into the nearby wilderness. Reprint.
9780375701474 A study of the growing epidemic of suicide among young people draws on the author's firsthand battle with severe manic-depression and attempted suicide to reveal the psychological, medical, and biological aspects of self-inflicted death.
"9780142437551 Containing in full Miller's masterpieces ""The Crucible"" and ""Death of a Salesman, "" this collection comprises 60 years of writing from America's greatest living playwright."
9780142001806 In a world where one can literally get lost in literature, Thursday Next, a Special Operative in literary detection, tries to stop the world's Third Most Wanted criminal from kidnapping characters, including Jane Eyre, from works of literature.
9780740721946 Dilbert and his co-workers--along with Dogbert, Catbert, and the boss--explore the mysteries of corporate America, from unusual personnel decisions and the worst meetings on record to schizoid secretaries and consultants from hell.
9780449221396 When a hitchhiker picked up by one of his drivers is later found murdered, ex-jockey Freddie Croft, the owner of a profitable fleet of horse vans, is drawn into the mystery.
9780330419123 Krakauer shifts his focus from extremes of physical adventure to extremes of religious belief in this true story of an appalling double murder committed by two Mormon Fundamentalist brothers who insist God commanded them to kill.
9780440412243 Abandoned as babies on the doorstep of television star, Malcolm Masters, Thomas, Lucy, Margery, and William also become TV performers, but problems arise when Malcolm goes off on an extended cruise, leaving the children behind.
9780439341202 Abby Hayes is starting fifth grade. Her supersibs, the perfect older twins and her genius little brother, have already proved their Hayes worthiness. This is going to be Abby's year ... and she's going to record every moment of it.
9780385335997 Time-travelling Claire Randall returns to her own time, pregnant and weary, and resumes her life, but her memories of her eighteenth-century Scottish lover Jamie Fraser will not die, leading her to a desperate decision to return to him.
"9780448416731 This specially priced starter set includes six Nancy Drew favorites: ""The Secret of the Old Clock, The Hidden Staircase, The Bungalow Mystery, The Mystery at Lilac Inn, The Secret of Shadow Ranch"" and ""The Secret of Red Gate Farm."""
9781563892028 /Garth Ennis /Steven Dillon and Glenn Fabry From the writer and artist of PREACHER, John Constantine is a cynical, hard drinking chain smoking Brit who's been around the block a few times and occasionally saved the world with his magical savvy. In this volume, Constantine must prevent his young niece from following in his mystic footsteps, cope with his own 40th birthday, attended by Swamp Thing and other mystical guests, and engineer the fall from heaven
"9780618510825 Photographs, screenshots, and images from all three films provide a visual compendium of the film trilogy ""The Lord of the Rings,"" documenting the varied characters and locales as seen through Peter Jackson's vision of Middle-earth."
9780345442741 1. Geneva initially has no intention of traveling to Minnesota to take care of Rich. Why does she change her mind? 2.What do you think would have happened to Geneva if she had decided not to help her sister's family? 3.What has Geneva gained and lost as a result of her successful, high-powered career? 4.As a celebrity, Geneva is fodder for the gossip columns and she is not happy about it. Do you think her complaints are valid? Or is the intrusiveness of the media part of the price of fame and fortune? 5. Geneva's failed first marriage really wounded her. Why does she finally decide to try again? 6. Geneva thinks that Trevor seems relieved by her rejection. Do you think this is really the case? Do you think Trevor could have changed? 7. Has Geneva made the right choice picking the boy in homeroom who would help you with your homework? Do you think the marriage will work? 8. Geneva remembers Conrad as a boy who knew 'when it paid to be careful and when it paid not to.' How do you distinguish between justifiable fears and those that hold you back and do more harm than good? 9. Geneva and James have both been paralyzed by their fears in some ways. Do you have a fear that you feel has had a detrimental effect on your life? 10. Do you think Rich is aware of Geneva's ambivalent feelings about him? If he is, why do you think he gives her a chance anyway? 11. Rich and Conrad's conditions can make those around them uncomfortable, particularly strangers. Discuss why people can feel so uneasy around those with special needs. 12. Rich and Conrad spend a great deal of time with peers who are not classified as special education.What are the benefits and/or drawbacks of such a setup? 13. Everyone is concerned with how Rich is going to deal with his grief. How do you think he is going to handle it? Were his family and friends right to be concerned? 14.What do you think will happen to Barb and George's marriage? Do you think it can survive their loss? 15.Why did James decide to leave his corporate job and become a mailman? Do you think he has had a nervous breakdown as his ex-wife and parents believe? 16. James and his fellow hockey coach take very different approaches to coaching their players.With which approach do you agree? What should be the mission of youth sports? 17. James says, 'faith isn't knowing, it's believing.' Discuss the meaning of faith in all its forms. 18.What would your answers be to the 'big' questions posed in 'The Great Mysterious'? What is true love? What is the meaning of life? What makes you happy? 19.Think of a question you would pose in the 'Great Mysterious.' 20. Do you have a favorite character or characters in this novel? 21. If you had to give a name to one of your emotions, which would it be and what would you name it? 22.The author mentions that she often attends book clubs. Has your group ever invited an author to attend? If not, is this something you would consider doing? 23. If you had the opportunity to ask the author a question about this novel, what would it be? 24.Why did your group decide to read this book? Are you happy with your choice? 25.What is your group reading next?
9780571224388 The Unbearable Lightness of Being is a story of irreconcilable love and infidelities in which Milan Kundera addresses himself to the nature of twentieth-century 'Being', offering a wide range of brilliant and amusing philosophical speculations. First published in 1984, Kundera's masterly novel encompasses the extremes of comedy and tragedy and was at once hailed by critics as a contemporary classic. This special hardback edition commemorates the twentieth anniversary of its first publication in English. 'There are novels that are tragic, or entertaining, and this one is both. There are very few that give a fresh perspective on existence, and force the reader to reassess his own life and attitudes.' Sunday Times 'The Unbearable Lightness of Being is a work of the boldest mastery, originality and richness.' Vanity Fair
9780938045557 Have you noticed-the greater a man's skill, the more he achieves with less? And the skill of strength is no exception. From the ancient days of Greek wrestling, to the jealously guarded secrets of Chinese Kung Fu masters, to the hard men of modern spec ops, warriors and allied strongmen have developed an amazing array of skills for generating inhuman strength.But these skills have been scattered far and wide, held closely secret, or communicated in a piecemeal fashion that has left most of us frustrated and far from reaching our true strength potential.Now, for the first time, Russian strength expert and former Spetsnaz instructor Pavel has gathered many of these devastating techniques into one highly teachable skill set. In The Naked Warrior Pavel reveals exactly what it takes to be super-strong in minimum time-when your body is your only tool.
9781400034772 Working in Gaborone, Botswana, Precious Ramotswe investigates several local mysteries, including a search for a missing boy and the case of the clinic doctor with different personalities for different days of the week.
9780521386739 Dr Tainter describes nearly two dozen cases of collapse and reviews more than 2000 years of explanations. He then develops a new and far-reaching theory.
9780749919443 Diana Cooper believes we can all transform our lives if we really want to. This inspiring book will help you to be who you want to be and do what you want to do. It will help you to bring hidden blockages to the surface, establish new positive belief patterns, and make your dreams come true.
9780747553861 Pastoralia was published to huge literary acclaim, establishing George Saunders, one of the New Yorker's 'twenty writers for the 21st century', as one of the most hypnotic and original voices of contemporary fiction.
9780813191553 In his sixth novel, The Cave (1959), Robert Penn Warren tells the story of a young man trapped in a cave in fictional Johntown, Tennessee. His predicament becomes the center of national attention as television cameras, promoters, and newscasters converge on the small town to exploit the rescue attempts and the thousands of spectators gathered at the mouth of the cave.
9780805390476 This revised edition of Feynman’s legendary lectures includes extensive corrections Feynman and his colleagues received and Caltech approved, making this the definitive edition ofThe Feynman Lectures on Physics.For all readers interested in physics.
9780393321982 Guy Haines loses his own identity after he is drawn into a plot to commit murder, in a new edition of the first novel by the author of The Talented Mr. Ripley. Reprint.
9780553576375 The passionate story of Elizabeth Lavenza, a girl rescued from poverty and raised by a remarkable noblewoman of Geneva, describes how the demise of her sensual bond with Victor Frankenstein sends him hurtling into a secret life, and along a path of destruction. Reprint.
9781841591056 Gussie Fink-Nottle simply must marry Madeline Bassett or Bertrand Wooster will be obliged to proffer the ring in his stead. In a daring attempt at securing the engagement, Jeeves and Bertie visit a rural leper colony.
9780393061635 A geneticist and author of Endless Forms Most Beautiful discusses the role of DNA in the evolution of life on Earth, explaining how an analysis of DNA reveals a complete record of the events that have shaped each species and how it provides evidence of the validity of the theory of evolution.
9780822219002 THE STORY: Cited as one of the 100 greatest works of fiction of all time by a panel of international writers in 2002, THE CASTLE remains Kafka's most magical novel (New York Times). By turns sexy, comic and horrifying, this new stage version of T
9780425099339 As Alex and Colin speed toward their new home in San Francisco where Courtney awaits them, they are pursued by a madman who is also eager to see Courtney.
9780439999267 Mary Queen of Scots is famous for having terrible taste in husbands and losing her head on the chopping board. But do you know that she was a six-foot stunner who got kidnapped by a murderous lord? This is the inside story of Queen Mary, and includes her secret diary.
9780553583175 Seven years after sending Ben Shaw to the gallows for the brutal murders of elderly women, Inspector Ian Rutledge is approached by Shaw's widow, who claims that her husband had been innocent, and sets out to uncover the truth about a potential miscarriage of justice. By the author of Watchers of Time. Reprint.
"9780140150742 One of the most quotable of twentieth-century authors, Dorothy Parker has attained a wide-ranging and enthusiastic following. This revised and enlarged edition, with an introduction by Brendan Gill, comprises the original 1944 Portable, as selected and arranged by Dorothy Parker herself and including all her most celebrated poems and stories, along with a selection of her later stories, play reviews, articles, book reviews from Esquire, and the complete Constant Reader, her collected New Yorker book reviews.""To say that Mrs. Parker writes well is as fatuous, I am afraid, as proclaiming that Cellini was clever with his hands. ... Mrs. Parker has an eye for people, an ear for language, and a feeling for the lithe things of life that are so immense a part of the process of living."" - Ogden Nash""She has put into what she has written a voice, a state of mind, an era, a few moments of human experience that nobody else has conveyed."" - Edmund Wilson"
9780679735472 An intensely personal exploration of blindness reveals a world of sound and echo, of people without faces, of the strange relationship between waking and dreaming, and of new perceptions of nature, personality, and human experience
9780140152746 Reclusive writer Bill Gray escapes his failed novel into a world of political violence and terror, in a story that journeys from New York, to London, Athens, and ultimately, the bombed-out city of Beirut
9780394733524 A mathematically oriented romantic fable about the eternal triangle, in this case a straight line who is hopelessly in love with a dot who in turn loves a squiggle
9780393322576 Released for the first time in paperback, this landmark social and political volume on feminism is credited with being responsible for raising awareness, liberating both sexes, and triggering major advances in the feminist movement. Reprint.
9780060916466 In The Dance of Intimacy, the bestselling author of The Dance of Anger outlines the steps to take so that good relationships can be strengthened and difficult ones can be healed. Taking a careful look at those relationships where intimacy is most challenged--by distance, intensity, or pain--she teaches us about the specific changes we can make to achieve a more solid sense of self and a more intimate connectedness with others. Combining clear advice with vivid case examples, Dr. Lerner offers us the most solid, helpful book on intimate relationships that both women and men may ever encounter.
9780486281223 This vivid facsimile of Blake's romantic and revolutionary publication offers a concise expression of his essential wisdom and philosophy. His distinctive hand-lettered text is accompanied by 27 color plates of his stirring illustrations.
9780449911945 Winner of the Pulitzer Prize, the Howells Medal, and the National Book Critics Circle Award In John Updike's fourth and final novel about Harry “Rabbit” Angstrom, the hero has acquired a Florida condo, a second grandchild, and a troubled, overworked heart. His son, Nelson, is behaving erratically; his daughter-in-law, Pru, is sending him mixed signals; and his wife, Janice, decides in midlife to return to the world of work. As, through the year of 1989, Reagan's debt-ridden, AIDS-plagued America yields to that of the first George Bush, Rabbit explores the bleak terrain of late middle age, looking for reasons to live and opportunities to make peace with a remorselessly accumulating past.
9780143039501 A definitive compilation of the author's seven great novels offers a vivid portrait of English middle-class life, its mores, institutions, and society around the turn of the nineteenth century.
9780471743675 A decade has passed since the book that introduced Warren Buffett to the world - The Warren Buffett Way by Robert Hagstrom - first appeared. Since then, Buffett has solidified his reputation as the greatest investor of all time - quietly amassing a multibillion-dollar fortune, despite the wild fluctuation of the markets. Although Buffett has claimed time and again that what he does is not beyond anybody else's competence, some people still do not understand how this value investing legend can consistently perform so well. That's where Robert Hagstrom and the Second Edition of The Warren Buffett Way come in. This completely revised and updated look at the Oracle of Omaha encompasses Buffett's numerous investments and accomplishments over the past ten years, as well as the timeless and highly successful investment strategies and techniques he has always used to come out a market winner.
"9780465017744 As heralded everywhere from NPR to the pages of the New York Times Magazine, a new era is underway in our colleges and universities: after a lengthy tenure, the dominance of postmodern theory has come to an end. In this timely and topical book, the legendary Terry Eagleton (""one of [our] best-known public intellectuals.""-Boston Globe) traces the rise and fall of these ideas from the 1960s through the 1990s, candidly assessing the resultant gains and losses. What's needed now, After Theory argues, is a return to the big questions and grand narratives. Today's global politics demand we pay attention to a range of topics that have gone ignored by the academy and public alike, from fundamentalism to objectivity, religion to ethics. Fresh, provocative, and consistently engaging, Eagleton's latest salvo will challenge everyone looking to better grasp the state of the world."
9780375726798 After being caught stealing traveler's checks from the wrong man, small-time thief and con man Arthur Abdel Simpson is blackmailed into driving a car across the Turkish border and, one step ahead of the Greek and Turkish police, becomes an unwilling participant in a million-dollar robbery. Reprint. 12,500 first printing.
9780470038321 Too many personal finance consultants offer financial advice that ignores the big picture and instead focuses on investing. You need much more than that to plan your future. You need a broader understanding of personal finance that includes all areas of your financial life in order to become financially sound. Personal Finance for Dummies, 5th Edition is full of detailed, action-oriented financial advice that will show you how to lower expenses and tame debts as well as invest wisely to achieve your financial goals! Now in its 5th edition, this up-to-date guide covers all the latest trends to ensure your financial stability. Just some of the updates and revisions include: Reviews of the new and revised tax laws and how to take advantage of them The latest scoop on Medicare and Social Security and what it means for you Updated investment advice on mutual funds and other managed investments Enhanced smart spending tips Coverage of new bankruptcy laws and how to eliminate consumer debt Smart ways to use credit and improve credit scores Expanded coverage on educational savings options This hands-on, straightforward guide features ways to survive life changes such as starting your first job, getting married, having children, and retiring, as well as helpful tactics for preventing identity theft and fraud. With Personal Finance for Dummies, 5th Edition, you’ll be able to achieve financial strength and start concentrating on the more important things in life!
9780961392178 Science and art have in common intense seeing, the wide-eyed observing that generates empirical information. Beautiful Evidence is about how seeing turns into showing, how empirical observations turn into explanations and evidence presentations. The book identifies excellent and effective methods for presenting information, suggests new designs, and provides tools for assessing the credibility of evidence presentations.Here we will see many close readings of serious evidence presentations-ranging through evolutionary trees and rocket science to economics, art history, and sculpture. Insistent application of the principles of analytical thinking helps both insiders and outsiders assess the credibility of evidence.
9781419542206 The Scarlet Letter: A Kaplan SAT Score-Raising Classic features: *The complete tale of the classic novel, The Scarlet Letter *More than 800 vocabulary words frequently tested on the SAT highlighted throughout the text *Definitions for each highlighted word on the facing page *A pronunciation guide *An index for easy reference
9781400054879 A suburban white boy obsessed by the subcultures of black art and life, Macon Detornay turns his love of black culture into violence against the white passengers of the cab he drives, an anger that he channels into the creation of the Race Traitor Project, a movement of self-loathing white people, aimed at organizing a National Day of Apology. Original. 20,000 first printing.
9780140444421 Detailed notes accompany a modern English translation of Dante's epic poem about a spiritual pilgrim led by the ghost of Virgil through the circles of hell
9780307275936 When a pregnant Tish's boyfriend Fonny, a sculptor, is wrongfully jailed for the rape of a Puerto Rican woman, their families unite to prove the charge false. Reprint. 10,000 first printing.
9780452282094 The theft and mysterious reappearance of a cross from a Manhattan church precipitates a hunt for the culprits that will soon uncover a strange prophecy about a rebirth of the United States. Reprint.
9780812577563 An eleventh installment in the best-selling series finds Rand al'Thor, the Dragon Reborn, preparing for a confrontation with the Dark One in order to save humanity, a feat that is challenged by the murderous Forsaken and Rand's need to acquire the remaining seals on the Dark One's prison. 1,000,000 first printing. $750,000 ad/promo.
9780140055771 Roald Dahl's first-ever novel presents the scurrilous memoirs of that delightful old reprobate from switch bitch, Oswald Hendryks Cornelius - connoisseur, bon vivant, collector of spiders, scorpions, odd walking sticks, lover of opera, expert on Chinese porcelain, and without doubt the greatest fornicator of all time. In this delightful picaresque story, it is revealed how Uncle Oswald first achieved great wealth - all thanks to the Sundance blister beetle, which when ground to powder has the most electrifying aphrodisiac qualities. It is 1919 - armed with the powder and aided by the beautiful amoral Yasmin how comely, Oswald begins an audacious commercial enterprise which involves seducing the most famous men in Europe - from crowded heads to Bernard Shaw and Marcel Proust.
"9780449911419 For most of us, it was just another horrible headline. But for Deborah Spungen, the mother of Nancy, who was stabbed to death at the Chelsea Hotel, it was both a relief and a tragedy. Here is the incredible story of an infant who never stopped screaming, a toddler who attacked people, a teenager addicted to drugs, violence, and easy sex, a daughter completely out of control--who almost destroyed her parents' marriage and the happiness of the rest of her family. ""Honest and moving...Her painful tale is engrossing."" WASHINGTON POST BOOK WORLD From the Paperback edition."
9780425185506 Falling madly in love and beginning what she believed would be the perfect marriage with Hollywood leading man Alex Rivers, renowned anthropologist Cassie Barret is heartbroken when their fairy-tale romance falls apart. Reissue.
9781400079377 On his first day of training, Stephen Jones, a young recruit, reports to the Zephyr Holding Building, where he finds a company defined by its lack of clarity, a building numbered in reverse, an invisible CEO, and a crisis over the theft of a donut, in a zany satire of corporate life. By the author of Jennifer Government. Reprint. 50,000 first printing.
"9780380731213 The discovery of a magnificent but faked ""Charlemagne talisman"" sewn into the suit pocket of a murdered man is cause brainy, beautiful medieval historian Vicky Bliss a world of trouble when she investigates. Reprint."
9780140367430 E. Nesbit's classic story of how Gerald, Cathy and Jimmy find an enchanted garden and awake a princess from a hundred-year sleep, only to have her immediately made invisible by a magic ring. Her rescue is difficult, funny and sometimes frightening.
9780192781536 Retells Melville's novel of the sailor called Ishmael and Captain Ahab, who would do anything to catch the great white whale, Moby Dick, that had taken the Captain's leg.
9780141311883 Harry, bored with her sheltered life in the remote orange-growing colony of Daria, discovers magic in herself when she is kidnapped by a native king with mysterious powers. Newbery Medal Honor Book, 1983.
"9781932420302 ""My Dirty Thirties"" takes female empowerment to new levels with a series of erotic novels about women in their 30s who can't say no to their desires. (Adult Fiction)"
9780586210697 The world of Athera lives in eternal fog, its skies obscured by the malevolent Mistwraith. Only the combined powers of two half-brothers can challenge the Mistwraith's stranglehold: Arithon, Master of Shadow, and Lysaer, Lord of Light. Arithon and Lysaer soon find that they are inescapably bound to a series of events dictated by their own deepest convictions. Yet as the sorcerers of the Fellowship of Seven know well, there is more at stake than one battle with the Mistwraith: between them the half-brothers hold the balance of the world—its harmony and its future—in their hands.
9780785120193 Follows the adventures of the X-Men, who band together to fight enemies, form tentative alliances with members of Magneto's gang, and protect the carefully controlled world of Charles Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters.
9780743243780 The author describes his coming of age as a teacher, storyteller, and writer, a personal journey during which he spent fifteen years finding his voice in the classroom, and came to terms with the undervalued importance of teaching.
9780486447780 Collection of the notorious poet's essays transcends the squalor of his financial ruin and the torture of physical decline to offer compelling thoughts on his world, society, and philosophy.
9780312852535 A classic science fiction novel features humanoids spreading throughout the galaxy, threatening to stifle all human endeavor, and the hidden group of rebels who try to stem the humanoid tide, if it is not already too late
9780142002889 In the final weeks of the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II, three different Filipino narrators recount the experiences of a people desperately struggling in the midst of the horrors of war.
"9780060584030 Alexandra ""Barney"" Barnaby returns to take on a whole new set of bad guys, Florida heat, colorful and dangerous characters, and high-stakes adventure, all the while romancing gorgeous race car driver Sam Hooker, in an action-packed sequel to Metro Girl. 1,000,000 first printing."
9780312362966 In a compilation of three novels, a bail jumper is pursued with the help of an ex-prostitute and a transvestite, the search for Stephanie's uncle is hampered by her gun-toting grandma, and Ranger disappears after being accused of murder.
9780307346582 Collects Italian cookery recipes that range from classic favorites to innovative new dishes and are accompanied by simple instructions for making fresh pasta and a selection of side dishes.
9780345323903 Willie Whitehorse could have been just another boozed-up guitarist, if it hadn't been for his songs. Somehow they were different -- they reached out and grabbed people's souls. Now agent Sam Parker wanted a piece of the action. But when he had it, Sam knew he'd made a terrible mistake...a mistake it was much too late to correct... With Friends Like These... The aliens had returned to Earth after centuries because they needed allies. But after hundreds of years, they had no idea what they would be getting the universe into...and they soon found out! Dream Done Green Pericles was a poet and a genius, who also happened to be a horse! Why Johnny Can't Speed A father could teach his son a lot of important things, but combat on the freeways wasn't one of them...not when the kid was eighteen and too full of himself to survive. But revenge did have its compensations!
9780385339667 Years after the bombing of a Mississippi law office in which Marvin Kramer's two sons died, former Klan member Sam Cayhill, the accused killer, has nearly exhausted his death row appeals, until young lawyer Adam Hall takes the case. Reprint. 35,000 first printing.
9780786931934 An anthology of short fiction captures the world of the diverse dragons of Krynn, along with the dragon-slayers and magic users who study the powerful creatures.
9780425178928 When a long-lost Raphael resurfaces, the painting triggers a chain of events that range from vandalism to murder, prompting an investigation by English art scholar Jonathan Argyll, who ends up on the run for his life. Reprint.
"9780553382044 From the ""New York Times"" bestselling author of ""Gates of Fire"" comes a stunning epic of love and war that breathes authentic life into the grand myth of the ferocious female warrior culture of the Amazons."
9780786808717 A very special puddle sets Violet the mouse off on her latest nature discovery. It is through this puddle that Violet observes the effect rain has on the world around her. A Mylar puddle on the last page offers children a chance to see their reflection in a puddle, just like Violet!
9780099429791 Fledgling writer Briony Tallis, as a 13-year-old, irrevocably changes the course of several lives when she accuses her older sister's lover of a crime he did not commit.
9780375421051 A collection of essays by the late cultural critic explores great works of music and literature produced by Beethoven, Schoenberg, Mann, Cavafy, Beckett, Gould, Straus, Genet, and others at the end of their creative lives, analyzing how these works differed from previous ones and what they reveal about each musician's or writer's artistic evolution. 15,000 first printing.
9780590764704 Stacey and her parents are moving back to New York! Not only are the Babysitters losing their treasurer but Claudia is losing her best friend.
9781400079490 In a novel of alternative history, aviation hero Charles A. Lindbergh defeats Franklin Roosevelt in the 1940 presidential election, negotiating an accord with Adolf Hitler and accepting his conquest of Europe and anti-Semitic policies.
"9781556434242 Kurt Vonnegut cites Theodore Sturgeon as the inspiration for his character Kilgore Trout. This volume includes 12 stories from 1953, considered Sturgeon's golden era. Among them are such favorites as the title story, ""The Silken-Swift,"" ""A Way of Thinking,"" ""The Dark Room,"" ""The Clinic,"" and ""The World Well Lost,"" a story known for being very ahead of its time in advocating gay rights."
9780582461468 Henry Green is a boy who loves chocolate. He likes it bitter, sweet, dark, light, and daily; for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks; in cakes, candy bars, milk, and every other form you can possibly imagine. Henry probably loves chocolate more than any boy in the history of the world. One day -- it starts off like any other day -- Henry finds that strange things are happening to him. First he makes medical history with the only case of Chocolate Fever ever. Then he finds himself caught up in a wild and hilarious chase, climaxed by a very unusual hijacking From the Paperback edition.
9780804111645 Describes the murder spree of the Soviet Union's most brutal serial killer and recounts how Rostov detective Viktor Burakov hurdled the obstacles put in his way by an archaic Soviet system in order to bring the killer to justice. Reprint.
9780743468596 In the spirit of THE 7 HABITS OF HIGHLY EFFECTIVE PEOPLE, the international bestseller, FIRST THINGS FIRST is a revolutionary guide to managing your time by learning how to balance your life. Traditional time management suggests that working harder, smarter and faster will help you gain control of your life, and that increased control will bring peace and fulfilment. The authors of FIRST THINGS FIRST disagree. In the first real breakthrough in time management in years, Stephen R. Covey, A. Roger Merrill and Rebecca R. Merrill apply the insights of the 7 HABITS to the daily problems of people who must struggle with the ever increasing demands of work and home life. Rather than focusing on time and things, FIRST THINGS FIRST emphasises relationships and results. And instead of efficiency, this new approach emphasises effectiveness. Covey offers a principle-centred approach that will empower readers to define what is truly important; to accomplish worthwhile goals; and to lead rich, rewarding and balanced lives.
9780140139396 Bo Mason and his wife and two boys live a transient life of poverty and despair; drifting from town to town, the violent, ruthless Bo seeks his fortune. Stegner has created a masterful, harrowing saga of a family trying to survive during the lean years of the early 20th century.
9780141185361 The Autogiography of Alice B. Toklas is in fact Gertrude Stein's own autobiography, seen through the eyes of her friend, Alice B. Toklas. With occasional glimpses into her early life, it describes her years in Paris until 1932.
9780226307664 The Grene and Lattimore edition of the Greek tragedies has been among the most widely acclaimed and successful publications of the University of Chicago Press. On the occasion of the Centennial of the University of Chicago and its Press, we take pleasure in reissuing this complete work in a handsome four-volume slipcased edition as well as in redesigned versions of the familiar paperbacks. For the Centennial Edition two of the original translations have been replaced. In the original publication David Grene translated only one of the three Theban plays, Oedipus the King. Now he has added his own translations of the remaining two, Oedipus at Colonus and Antigone, thus bringing a new unity of tone and style to this group. Grene has also revised his earlier translation of Prometheus Bound and rendered some of the former prose sections in verse. These new translations replace the originals included in the paperback volumes Sophocles I (which contains all three Theban plays), Aeschylus II, Greek Tragedies, Volume I, and Greek Tragedies, Volume III, all of which are now being published in second editions. All other volumes contain the translations of the tragedies of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides for the most part from the original versions first published in the 1940s and 1950s. These translations have been the choice of generations of teachers and students, selling in the past forty years over three million copies.
9780861366583 A nineteenth-century science fiction tale of an electric submarine, its eccentric captain, and undersea world, which anticipated many of the scientific achievements of the twentieth century.
"9780879102784 The luminous star of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Shane, and other classic films was, as the subtitle aptly puts it, ""the actress nobody knew."" Jean Arthur (1900-91) kept her personal life private, disdained the Hollywood publicity machine, and was called ""difficult"" because of her perfectionism and remoteness from costars on the movie set. John Oller, a lawyer, tracked down kinsfolk and friends never before interviewed to capture the elusive personality of a free spirit best embodied in her favorite role, Peter Pan. Arthur herself might have appreciated his warm, respectful portrait. ""...[An] insightful, painstakingly researched analysis of Arthur's life and career raises the curtain on the complex, conflicted person behind the screen persona...Captures the special shine of a unique star who turned out to be a genuine eccentric."" -Chicago Tribune"
9780262532556 Uncovers the strange medical mystery of synesthesia, a condition in which people can taste shapes or hear and smell colors, and suggests that everyone has synesthetic powers.
9780684845777 Anthony Robbins calls it the new science of personal achievement. You'll call it the best thing that ever happened to you. If you have ever dreamed of a better life, Unlimited Power will show you how to achieve the extraordinary quality of life you desire and deserve, and how to master your personal and professional life. Anthony Robbins has proven to millions through his books, tapes, and seminars that by harnessing the power of the mind you can do, have, achieve, and create anything you want for your life. He has shown heads of state, royalty, Olympic and professional athletes, movie stars, and children how to achieve. With Unlimited Power, he passionately and eloquently reveals the science of personal achievement and teaches you: * How to find out what you really want * The Seven Lies of Success * How to reprogram your mind in minutes to eliminate fears and phobias * The secret of creating instant rapport with anyone you meet * How to duplicate the success of others * The Five Keys to Wealth and Happiness Unlimited Power is a revolutionary fitness book for the mind. It will show you, step by step, how to perform at your peak while gaining emotional and financial freedom, attaining leadership and self-confidence, and winning the cooperation of others. It will give you the knowledge and the courage to remake yourself and your world. Unlimited Power is a guidebook to superior performance in an age of success.
9780312352356 With the death of the Chairman of the Vampire Council and the rise of the seventh level of Hell, Damali is confronted by her ultimate challenge, a once banished entity with the power to stop a Neteru. Original. 35,000 first printing.
"9780374530303 Peck weaves together two sets of stories--the story of John's life and the stories that John writes in his journals--to create a compelling portrait of a homosexual artist confronted with his own mortality in the wake of AIDS. ""A stunning debut"".--The New York Times."
9780743471237 Since the beginning of time, the angelic forces of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in the Eternal Conflict for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now spilled over into Sanctuary -- the world of men. Determined to win mankind over to their respective causes, the forces of good and evil wage a secret war for mortal souls. This is the tale of the Sin War -- the conflict that would forever change the destiny of man. Bent on destroying the evil cult of the Triune, Uldyssian does not yet suspect that Inarius -- secret Prophet of the Cathedral of Light -- has been subtly aiding his quest. Obsessed with restoring Sanctuary to its former glory, Inarius has been playing Uldyssian against the two great religions in a reckless attempt to topple them both. But another player has slipped back into the equation. The demon Lilith, once Inarius's lover, seeks to use Uldyssian as her own pawn in a scheme to turn humans into an army of naphalem -- godlike beings, more powerful than any angel or demon, who could overturn all Creation and elevate Lilith to supreme being. An original tale of swords, sorcery, and timeless struggle based on the bestselling, award-winning M-rated computer game from Blizzard Entertainment. Intended for mature readers.
9780385316576 In a series of poignant letters, Olga, an elderly Italian woman, writes to her teenaged granddaughter in America, trying to encourage her independence and self-fulfillment as she relates the painful lessons of her own life and that of her daughter. Reprint.
9780873527361 Now at seventy-three volumes, this popular MLA series (ISSN 1059-1133) addresses a broad range of literary texts. Each volume surveys teaching aids and critical material and brings together essays that apply a variety of perspectives to teaching the text. Upper-level undergraduate and graduate students, student teachers, education specialists, and teachers in all humanities disciplines will find these volumes particularly helpful.
9780374292799 Offers a concise history of globalization, discussing a wide range of topics, from the September 11 terrorist attacks to the growth of the middle class in both China and India.
9780060093747 Kundera brilliantly examines the work of such important and diverse figures as Rabelais, Cervantes, Sterne, Diderot, Flaubert, Tolstoy, and Musil. He is especially penetrating on Hermann Broch, and his exploration of the world of Kafka's novels vividly reveals the comic terror of Kafka's bureaucratized universe. Kundera's discussion of his own work includes his views on the role of historical events in fiction, the meaning of action, and the creation of character in the post-psychological novel.
9780747569114 All the kids at Wayside had to spend 243 days at horrible schools while Wayside was closed to get rid of an infestation of cows! Now they're back and the fun begins on every floor. Miss Mush has prepared liver in purple sauce, and it is pet day on the 30th floor and there is a substitute teacher.
9780060834005 Traces the author's coming of age in the Jim Crow-era South, a period during which he struggled to survive while journeying from innocence to adulthood.
"9781932206104 How to Meditate is a transcript all of Rama's, Dr. Frederick Lenz recorded talks on meditation. It also includes his book of lyrical poetry : ""The Bridge is Flowing but the River is Not."" How to Meditate provides a full range of meditation techniques, knowledge and wisdom to deepen meditation practice and understand meditation's essential role in daily life. This volume is excellent for both newcomers and longtime meditators. Open the book at any time to any page, and you will receive your daily quota of inspiration."
9780452284555 The author describes the year she spent riding the buses of her Pennsylvania city with her sister, and how taking part in those journeys allowed her to slow down her life and develop stronger interpersonal connections.
9780978970703 The end begins with a viral outbreak unlike anything mankind as ever encountered before. The infected are subject to delirium, fever, a dramatic increase in violent behavior, and a one-hundred percent mortality rate? Death. But it doesn't end there. The victims return from death to walk the earth. When a massive military operation fails to contain the plague of the living dead it escalates into a global pandemic. In one fell swoop, the necessities of life become much more basic. Gone are petty everyday concerns. Gone are the amenities of civilized life. Yet a single law of nature remains: Live, or die. Kill, or be killed. On one side of the world, a battle-hardened General surveys the remnants of his command: a young medic, a veteran photographer, a brash Private, and dozens of refugees, all are his responsibility--all thousands of miles from home. Back in the United States, an Army Colonel discovers the darker side of Morningstar virus and begins to collaborate with a well-known journalist to leak the information out to the public... The Morningstar Saga has begun.
9780800614287 The liturgies of the Word and the Lord's Supper that are included in this volume range from those of the church fathers Justin Martyr and Hippolytus through the Roman Mass (in both Latin and English), to the great Reformation liturgies of Luther, Zwingli, Calvin, Knox, Baxter, and Wesley, as well as the Middleburg Liturgy of the English Puritans and the Westminster Directory. In addition to his translations, Thompson draws upon copies of many original documents to insure accuracy. An introduction, which places the liturgy within its tradition, accompanies each text.
"9780060933524 Bobby Jobe is a pro golfer whose swing is better than his attitude. When he bogies the last four holes and blows his lead in a major tournament -- again -- he berates his caddy, Henry ""Greyhound"" Mote. Jobe loses both Greyhound, who walks off the course, and the game. And before the day is out, he'll lose his eyesight to a lightning strike and his future in golf -- unless he can do what no one has ever done blind: make a comeback. Bob Cullen's funny and wise story, full of PGA lore, perfectly captures the mysterious and irresistible nature of the game of golf, not to mention, love, friendship, and life."
"9780330375467 *Britain's funniest and most insightful satirist investigates the world of 'them' and 'us'*Is there really, as the extremists claim, a secret room from which a tiny elite secretly rules the world? And if so, can it be found? ""Them: Adventures with Extremists"" is a romp into the heart of darkness involving 12-foot lizard-men, PR-conscious Ku Klux Klansmen, Ian Paisley, Hollywood limousines, the legend of Ruby Ridge, Noam Chomsky, a harem of kidnapped sex slaves, David Icke, and Nicolae Ceausescu's shoes.While Jon Ronson attempts to locate the secret room, he is chased by men in dark glasses, unmasked as a Jew in the middle of a Jihad training camp, and witnesses CEOs and leading politicians undertake a bizarre pagan owl ritual in the forests of Northern California. He also learns some alarming things about the looking-glass world of them and us. Are the extremists right? Or has he become one of Them?"
9780751527346 In the year of our Lord 1141, civil war over England's throne leaves a legacy of violence- and the murder of a knight dear to Brother Cadfael. And with gentle budstrewn May, a flood of pilgrims comes to the celebration of Saint Winifred at the Abbey of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, carrying with it many strange souls and perhaps the knight's killer. Brother Cadfael's shrewd eyes see all: the prosperous merchant who rings false, and angelic lame boy, his beautiful dowess sister, and two wealthy penitents. In the name of justice, Cadfael decides to uncover the strange and twisted tale that accompanies these travellers. Instead he unearths a quest for vengeance, witnesses a miracle, and finds himself on a razor's edge between death and the absolution of love.
9780140065503 Mungo Park, based on a real-life African explorer, and Ned Rise, a scoundrel, pimp, thief, and cheat, travel about Africa and meet up with a varied assortment of characters--native and colonial, antic and dangerous
9780060787035 Go further under the covers and stay in bed a little longer with Marian Keyes in this winning follow-up to her smash essay collection, Under the Duvet. Written in the witty, forthright style that has earned her legions of devoted readers, Cracks in My Foundation offers an even deeper and more candid look into this beloved author's mind and heart, exploring such universal themes as friends and family, home, glamour and beauty, children, travel, and more. Marian's hilarious and thoughtful take on life makes her readers feel they are reading a friend, not just an author. Marian continues to entertain with her reports from the trenches, and throws in some original short fiction as well. Whether it's visiting Siberia, breaking it off with an old hairdresser, shopping (of course!), turning forty, living with her beloved husband, Himself (a man beyond description), or musing on the F word (feminism), Marian shares the joys, passions, and sorrows of her world and helps us feel good about our own. So grab a latte and a pillow and get ready to laugh your slippers off!
9780765344328 Richard desperately searches for his long-lost, amnesiac beloved, Kahlan Amnell, racing to find her before she can uncover the secrets of her lost identity, thereby making her vulnerable to evil.
9780684856476 A young reporter's life in the 1950s. Paul Kemp breaks into the profession on a newspaper in Puerto Rico and through his eyes are portrayed colorful characters in the days when newspapers flourished.
"9780385339674 In a maximum security federal prison, three former judges who call themselves ""the brethren"" meet daily in the law library to run a rougher form of justice inside their new community, and make a little money, but when one of their scams derails, they are forced to confront the world of their own creation. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9780300093049 In this authoritative, lively book, the celebrated Italian novelist and philosopher Umberto Eco presents a learned summary of medieval aesthetic ideas. Juxtaposing theology and science, poetry and mysticism, Eco explores the relationship that existed between the aesthetic theories and the artistic experience and practice of medieval culture. ""[A] delightful study. . . . [Eco's] remarkably lucid and readable essay is full of contemporary relevance and informed by the energies of a man in love with his subject.""--Robert Taylor, Boston Globe ""The book lays out so many exciting ideas and interesting facts that readers will find it gripping.""--Washington Post Book World ""A lively introduction to the subject.""--Michael Camille, The Burlington Magazine ""If you want to become acquainted with medieval aesthetics, you will not find a more scrupulously researched, better written (or better translated), intelligent and illuminating introduction than Eco's short volume.""--D. C. Barrett, Art Monthly"
"9780375813757 Still moping months after being dumped by her Arizona boyfriend Leo, fifteen-year-old Stargirl, a home-schooled free spirit, writes ""the world's longest letter"" to Leo, describing her new life in Pennsylvania."
9780446604406 In Kindle County, a woman is killed in an apparent random drive-by shooting. The woman turns out to be the ex-wife of a prominent state senator and an old acquaintance of Judge Sonia Klonsky, on whose desk the case lands. As the pursuit of justice takes bizarre and unusual turns, Judge Klonsky is brought face-to-face with a host of extraordinary personalities and formidable enemies bent on her destruction.
9780224063029 Chuck Palahniuk's world has been, well, different from yours and mine. The pieces that comprise Nonfiction prove just how different, in ways both highly entertaining and deeply unsettling. Encounters with alternative culture heroes Marilyn Manson and Juliette Lewis; the peculiar wages of fame attendant on the big budget production of the movie Fight Club; life as an assembly-line drive train installer by day, hospice volunteer driver by night; the really peculiar lives of submariners; the really violent world of college wrestlers; the underground world of anobolic steroid gobblers; the harrowing circumstances of his father's murder and the trial of his killer - each essay or vignette offers a unique facet of existence as lived in and/or observed by one of America's most flagrantly daring and original literary talents.
9780451168610 Age-old images of fear fuse with the iconography of contemporary American life in this collection of twenty-two horror tales by the grandmaster of the genre. Reissue.
9780743480697 Collects accounts of the underwater discoveries made by the author and his team of volunteers dedicated to the exploration of historic wrecks, including the Lexington and the Arkansas.
9781861891846 Drawing on years of archival research, interviews with artists and publishers, and the ethnographic study of their rural consumers, Christopher Pinney traces the intimate connections between the production and consumption of mass-produced images in India and the struggle against colonial rule.
9780345495846 “SPACE. THE FINAL FRONTIER . . . These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise™.” Celebrate the fortieth anniversary of Star Trek® with the original mission logs chronicling some of the crew's most bizarre missions and strangest encounters with alien races across the galaxy . . . where no man has gone before™. The Counter-Clock Incident The Enterprise's first captain, Commodore Robert April, is aboard the starship one last time en route to his retirement ceremonies. On the way, Kirk attempts to save an alien ship headed straight for the Beta Niobe Nova. Instead, the Enterprise plunges through the heart of the nova and into an alternate universe where everything runs backward. Day is night, stars are black not white, and time flows into the past as people get younger with every breath they take. The Eye of the Beholder When the Enterprise is sent to investigate a missing starship near Lactran VII, Kirk beams down to discover the Lactrans are giant, highly intelligent slugs, who admire humans for one reason: they make lovely pets. The situation appears hopeless when the landing party is locked up as exhibits in the planet's zoo. Amazingly, Spock manages to convince the Lactrans that humans are not dumb animals and they agree to let the crew go–on one condition. Kirk and company must become interstellar big-game hunters and capture the powerful, ferocious jawanda on a remote planet.
"9780130235015 [This book is] a simple story of a ""strong man"" whose life is dominated by fear and anger ... Uniquely ... African, at the same time it reveals [the author's] ... awareness of the human qualities common to men of all times and places.-Back cover."
9781400034710 The Nobel laureate weaves a story of a fantastic wedding, the return of the bride to her parents, her brothers' resolve to murder her corruptor, and the townspeoples' refusal to depart from routine.
9780971500747 Explores the ego's expressions and inherent limitations and gives detailed explanations and instructions on how to transcend them. It expands the understanding of the levels of consciousness as presented in the wiedely-acclaimed Map of Consciousness. The book focuses on the individual, and studies the experiential subjective blocks to the advancement of awareness, at each level of consciousness. This leads to progressive spiritual awareness and on to higher levels of consciousness, providing specific steps for transcending each level, preparatory to advanced states such as Enlightenment itself. By analyzing the various obstacles and levels to be transcended, certain principles that support spiritual evolution are self-revealing. This book si therefore a practical manual rather than a comprehensive analysis.
9780375701801 Looks inside the private world of the geisha to capture this unique icon of Japanese traditional culture, following the geisha's training, preparation for a performance, and role in Japanese society
9781579126278 A widow's sudden suicide sparks rumors that she murdered her first husband, was being blackmailed, and was carrying on a secrey affair with the wealthy Roger Ackroyd. The following evening, Ackroyd is murdered in his locked study, but not before receiving a letter identifying the widow's blackmailer. Kings Abbot is crawling with suspects and it's up to famous detective, Hercule Poirot, to solve the case.
9780805431575 Describes the famous 1925 courtroom showdown of William Jennings Bryan and Clarence Darrow over the teaching of evolution in public schools, and points out details and discrepancies that have not come to light until recently.
9780802135780 Interweaving elements of fantasy and history, this novel chronicles the adventures of Jordan, who lives with his mother by the Thames during the reign of Charles II, as he follows his dreams to the end of the world, and beyond
9780822002420 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. CliffsNotes on Black Boy chronicles the alienation of the author – not only from white society, but from his own people. Richard Wright’s novel is a cry of anguish in the face of the human condition and the tragedy that comes when an individual struggles to overcome it. With this study guide, you’ll experience the events and the unique tone of the novel. Background about the life of the author will help shed light on the novel’s themes. Other features that help you study include Character analyses of major players Chapter summaries and commentaries Critical essays Character genealogy chart Helpful maps Review questions and suggested essay topics Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides.
9780345441706 After his three-year exile in Sicily, Michael Corleone is charged to return to America with Salvatore Giuliano, a young Sicilian bandit whose activities have angered the head of the Sicilian Mafia. Reprint.
9781590596241 Unrealistic schedules, unstable releases, continual overtime, and skyrocketing stress levels are legendary in the software development industry. Unlike traditional occupations such as accounting or administration, the software business is populated with programmers who are as creative and passionate about their work as musicians and artists. But for most programmers and project managers, it is a complete surprise when they enter the business world and find that internal politics, inept management, and unrealistic marketing drive the process, rather than a structured and orderly approach based on technical issues and quality. This guide, delivered with the wit and aplomb to make a serious topic entertaining and palatable, will help you survive the programming industry. The Career Programmer explains how you can work within the existing system to solve deadline problems and regain control of the development process. Youll master self-defense techniques to shield yourself, your project, and your code from corporate politics, arbitrary management decisions, and marketing-driven deadlines. Author Chris Duncan provides proven, practical, hands-on solutions designed to work even when tested by the political and chaotic realities of the business environment. Issues are addressed from the points of view of both the programmer and project manager, and steps are illustrated from all perspectivesfrom large-scale teams down to projects with a single developer. For you, the end results will mean less overtime and stress, higher-quality software, and a more satisfying career.
"9781416508953 Bahzell of the Hradani is Back! Exciting Fantasy Adventure by the New York Times Best-Selling Author of the Honor Harrington Series. First Time in Paperback. In The War God's Own, Bahzell had managed to stop a war by convincing Baron Tellian, leader of the Sothoii, to ""surrender"" to him, the War God's champion. Now, he has journeyed to the Sothoii Wind Plain to oversee the parole he granted to Tellian and his men, to represent the Order of Tomanak, the War God, and to be an ambassador for the hradani. What's more, the flying coursers of the Sothoii have accepted Bahzell as a wind rider-the first hradani wind rider in history. And since the wind riders are the elite of the elite among the Sothoii, Bahzell's ascension is as likely to stir resentment as respect. That combination of duties would have been enough to keep anyone busy-even a warrior prince like Bahzell-but additional complications are bubbling under the surface. The goddess Shigu, the Queen of Hell, is sowing dissension among the war maids of the Sothoii. The supporters of the deposed Sothoii noble who started the war are plotting to murder their new leige lord and frame Bahzell for the deed. Of course, those problems are all in a day's work for a champion of the War God. But what is Bahzell going to do about the fact that Baron Tellian's daughter, and heir to the realm, seems to be thinking that he is the only man-or hradani-for her?"
9780385490818 A chilling look at the near future presents the story of Offred, a Handmaid in the Republic of Gilead, once the United States, an oppressive world where women are no longer allowed to read and are valued only as long as they are viable for reproduction. Reissue.
"9780415970235 This study follows the aesthetic of the sublime from Burke and Kant, through Wordsworth and the Shelleys, into Thackeray, Dickens, Eliot and Hardy. Exploring the continuities between the romantic and Victorian ""periods"" that have so often been rather read as differences, the book demonstrate that the sublime mode enables the transition from a paradigm of overwhelming power exemplified by the body of the king to the pervasive power of surveillance utilized by the rising middle classes. While the domestic woman connected with the rise of the middle class is normally seen as beautiful, the book contends that the moral authority given to this icon of depth and interiority is actually sublime. The binary of the beautiful and the sublime seeks to contain the sublimity of womanhood by insisting on sublimity's masculine character. This is the book's most important claim: rather than exemplifying masculine strength, the sublime marks the transition to a system of power gendered as feminine and yet masks that transition because it fears the power it ostensibly accords to the feminine. This aesthetic is both an inheritance the Victorians receive from their romantic predecessors, and, more importantly, a broad historical phenomenon that questions the artificial boundaries between romantic and Victorian."
9780060245603 Today I feel silly. Mom says it's the heat. I put rouge on the cat and gloves on my feet. I ate noodles for breakfast and pancakes at night. I dressed like a star and was quite a sight. Today I am sad, my mood's heavy and gray. There's a frown on my face and it's been there all day. My best friend and I had a really big fight. She said that I tattled and I know that she's right. Silly, cranky, excited, or sad--everyone has moods that can change each day. Jamie Lee Curtis's zany and touching verse, paired with Laura Cornell's whimsical and original illustrations, helps kids explore, identify, and, even have fun with their ever-changing moods. Here's another inspired picture book from the bestselling author-illustrator team of Tell Me Again About the Night I Was Born and When I Was Little: A Four-Year-Old's Memoir of Her Youth.
9781580070911 Recognized as one of the best fighters of the 1990s, the Su-27 Flanker is a single-seat supersonic interceptor that is often declared the finest and most successful fighter of the Cold War era. Designed by Sukhoi OKB, the imposing fighter quickly gained popularity and respect from countries all across the globe. Intended to be a direct competitor to the new generation of American fighters such as the F-15, the Su-27 was designed with outstanding range, heavy armament, and high agility. Excellent performance, handling, and serviceability have made the aircraft popular with its pilots and ground personnel alike. Equipped with an analog fly-by-wire control system, a full avionics suite, and up to 10 air-to-air missiles, the Flanker also features a rearward-facing radar between the engines, allowing it to fire at targets behind the aircraft. Outfitted with two Lyul'ka AL-31F turbofans, each 12,500 kgp (27,557 lb st) with afterburning, the Su-27's high thrust-to-weight ratio and refined aerodynamics allow superb flight characteristics at high angles of attack. Yefim Gordon and Peter Davison are the authors of several books on Soviet aircraft including the Specialty Press titles Mikoyan Gurevich MiG-29 Fulcrum and Mikoyan Gurevich MiG-15 Fagot. Over 300 photos illustrate the story of the Su-27. Topics covered include design, development, structural detail, international production, trials, upgrades and generations, comparisons, overseas sales, and much more. This book is a must have for all warbird enthusiasts!
"9780896087644 ""Explores transracial adoption from adopted adults' perspectives using memoir, reflective/analytical essays, poetry, artwork, film critique, psychology, sociology, critical race, reproductive justice, more. Discusses reasons children become available forinternational adoption (war, poverty, structural inequities), ramifications of the colorblind ideal for adoptees (dealing with racism, cultural alienation, emotional isolation)""--Provided by publisher."
9780806128948 Ovid's Metamorphosesis a weaving-together of classical myths, extending in time from the creation of the world to the death of Julius Caesar. This volume provides the Latin text of the first five books of the poem and the most detailed commentary available in English of these books.
9780750937252 Having settled in Malta after the end of World War 2, Ernle Bradford decided to trace the route of Ulysses. This book is a journal of his travels, describing both the amazing sights and the pitfalls that befell Homer's character.
"9780618056828 With 1919, the second volume of his U.S.A. trilogy, John Dos Passos continues his ""vigorous and sweeping panorama of twentieth-century America"" (Forum), lauded on publication of the first volume not only for its scope, but also for its groundbreaking style. Again, employing a host of experimental devices that would inspire a whole new generation of writers to follow, Dos Passos captures the many textures, flavors, and background noises of modern life with a cinematic touch and unparalleled nerve. 1919 opens to find America and the world at war, and Dos Passos's characters, many of whom we met in the first volume, are thrown into the snarl. We follow the daughter of a Chicago minister, a wide-eyed Texas girl, a young poet, a radical Jew, and we glimpse Woodrow Wilson, Theodore Roosevelt, and the Unknown Soldier."
9780451527929 Presents the complete texts of the seventeenth-century English poet's two great epic poems about creation, fall, and redemption of humankind and the moral and spiritual dilemmas of God's judgment. Reprint.
9780060845247 Four English school children enter the magic land of Narnia through the back of a wardrobe and assist Aslan, the golden lion, in defeating the White Witch who has cursed the land with eternal winter.
9780865476066 Three members of the Founders of the Congress for the New Urbanism give voice to a growing movement in North America to put an end to suburban sprawl and to replace the automobile-based settlement patterns of the past fifty years with a return to traditional planning principles. Reprint.
9780140441222 Strongly influenced by Classical drama, Jean Racine (1639–99) broke away from the grandiose theatricality of baroque drama to create works of intense psychological realism, with characters manipulated by cruel and vengeful gods. Iphigenia depicts a princess’s absolute submission to her father’s will, despite his determination to sacrifice her to gain divine favour before going to war. Described by Voltaire as ‘the masterpiece of the human mind’, Phaedra shows a woman’s struggle to overcome her overwhelming passion for her stepson – an obsession that brings destruction to a noble family. And Athaliah portrays a ruthless pagan queen, who defies Jehovah in her desperate attempt to keep the throne of Jerusalem from its legitimate heir.
9780312279998 Seeking refuge in the ancient, mouldering home of their ancestors on an island off the coast of Scotland, Effie and her mother, Nora, reveal the secrets of their lives and loves, past and present, to each other, in a hilarious novel about mothers, daughters, and love. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
9780451530042 David Copperfield suffers from his abusive stepfather and the betrayal of the scheming Uriah Heep, finds a new life with his formidable aunt, and falls in love with Dora, as he fights to escape his impoverished and unhappy childhood.
9781406942354 This is a reproduction of the original artefact. Generally these books are created from careful scans of the original. This allows us to preserve the book accurately and present it in the way the author intended. Since the original versions are generally quite old, there may occasionally be certain imperfections within these reproductions. We're happy to make these classics available again for future generations to enjoy!
9780670913527 Twelve-year-old villain, Artemis Fowl, is the most ingenious criminal mastermind in history. His bold and daring plan is to hold a leprechaun to ransom; but he's taking on more than a bunch of fairies when he kidnaps Captain Holly Short of the Lep-Recon (lower elements police reconnaissance unit).
9780743284790 The book that revealed Iran to the West, now with a new Afterword. Elaine Sciolino updates Persian Mirrors to include coverage of the 2005 presidential election in Iran. As a correspondent for Newsweek and The New York Times, Sciolino has had more experience covering revolutionary Iran than any other American reporter. She was aboard the airplane that took Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini to Tehran in 1979 and was there for the revolution, the hostage crisis, the Iran-Iraq war, the rise of President Khatami, the riots of 1999, and the crisis over Iran's nuclear program. In Persian Mirrors, Sciolino takes us into the public and private spaces of Iran, uncovering an alluring and seductive nation where a great battle is raging -- not for control over territory, but for the soul of its people.
9780765344311 Richard struggles to find his missing wife Kahlan in spite of the bizarre fact that no one else seems to believe she actually exists or that he is married to her.
9781416509370 Instead of remaining out of sight during her assignment to a forlorn outpost, spaceship commander Honor Harrington, along with her vessel, the Fearless, performs incredible flying maneuvers to stop a foreign takeover of a major space station.
9780007120987 One Minute, Silly Heather Badcock Had Been Gabbling On At Her Movie Idol, The Glamorous Marina Gregg. The Next, Heather Suffered A Massive Seizure. But For Whom Was The Deadly Poison Really Intended? Marina S Frozen Expression Suggested She Had Witnessed Something Horrific. But, While Others Searched For Material Evidence, Jane Marple Conducted A Very Different Investigation Into Human Nature.
9780141000589 This major new complete edition of Shakespeare's works combines accessibility with the latest scholarship. Each play and collection of poems is preceded by a substantial introduction that looks at textual and literary-historical issues. The texts themselves have been scrupulously edited and are accompanied by same-page notes and glossaries. Particular attention has been paid to the design of the book to ensure that this first new edition of the twenty-first century is both attractive and approachable.
9780425181119 A group of seemingly unrelated people experiences sensations of numbing terror and fear and, groping their way toward one another, discover their sinister, shared secrets in a chilling climax that changes their lives forever. Reissue.
"9781568821443 [CALL OF CTHULHU ROLEPLAYING] ""The Keeper's Companion"" is an invaluable resource for gamemasters. The material includes advice for new keepers, a lengthy study of Mythos artifacts, a learned discussion of many occult books, an up-to-the-moment description of every facet of forensic medicine, a thorough revision and expansion of the game skills (including nearly two dozen new ones), and the entire text of ""The Keeper's Compendium,"" somewhat updated -- forbidden books, secret cults, alien races, and mysterious places. Additional short essays and features round out this book -- more than 100,000 words!"
9781411677319 (Selected excerpts and outside reviews can be found by clicking on the blue Python Bonkers hyperlink.) This book may share an alphabetical lineage with the Frey book, but there is no melodramatic redemption here -- it is not a parody of that book but its own entity. As one of the characters from the book says, We're still involved in the commission of the acts that will require redemption -- and those stories are always so much more fun. Bonkers and his bizarre team embarks on a gonzo tear through the streets of Los Angeles and across the pop cultural landscape as well. In his satirical quest for truth in journalism, and life, he must navigate through the many odd tiers of social class, in both the Southern California culture and in his Machiavellian office life and its absurd red and blue political divisions. This is no heart-wrenching tale of excess, its destination is hilarity, so it presses the pedal to the metal and takes no prisoners.
"9780231054751 Featuring an introduction by Stephen Jay Gould, ""Genetics and the Origin of Species"" presents the first edition of Dobzhansky's groundbreaking and now classic inquiry into what has emerged as the most important single area of scientific inquiry in the twentieth century: biological theory of evolution. Genetics and the Origin of Species went through three editions (1937, 1941, and 1951) in which the importance accorded natural selection changed radically."
9780786811052 Thirteen-year-old Ricky, the Mexican American son of a former Drug Enforcement Agency man, tries to avenge his mother's murder by crossing over into Mexico to steal a high-tech radar plane from drug smugglers.
9780515140873 There are lots of reasons to raise the dead-some private, some public. In this case, the feds have a witness who died before he could speak on the record. They want him raised so his testimony can be taken. So here I am, on a plane to Philadelphia, flying off to do my job. But I'm not alone. Micah is with me. Micah, head of the St. Louis wereleopard pard. King to my Queen. The only one of my lovers who can stir my blood with just a glance from his chartreuse cat's eyes. I was happy to have him at my side. Until he mentioned that this will be our first time alone together. No Master Vampire. No Alpha Werewolf. Just me and Micah. And all my fears and doubts...
9780192840745 This unique edition brings together for the first time Austen-Leigh's memoir of his aunt Jane Austen, together with shorter recollections by James Edward's two sisters. It also includes Jane's brother Henry's two biographical accounts. - ;'I doubt whether it would be possible to mention any author of note, whose personal obscurity was so complete.' James Edward Austen-Leigh's Memoir of his aunt Jane Austen was published in 1870, over fifty years after her death. Together with the shorter recollections of James Edward's two sisters, Anna Lefroy and Caroline Austen, the Memoir remains the prime authority for her life and continues to inform all subsequent accounts. These are family memories, the record of Jane Austen's life shaped and limited by the loyalties, reserve, and affection of nieces and nephews recovering in old age the outlines of the young aunt they had each known. They still remembered the shape of her bonnet and the tone of her voice, and their first-hand accounts bring her vividly before us. Their declared partiality also raises fascinating issues concerning biographical truth, and the terms in which all biography functions. This edition brings together for the first time these three memoirs, and also includes Jane's brother Henry Austen's 'Biographical Notice' of 1818 and his lesser known 'Memoir' of 1833, making a unique biographical record. -
9780312424916 When a twelve-year-old girl drowns in the Tamassee River and her body is trapped in a deep eddy, the people of the small South Carolina town that bears the river's name are thrown into the national spotlight. The girl's parents want to attempt a rescue of the body; environmentalists are convinced the rescue operation will cause permanent damage to the river and set a dangerous precedent. Torn between the two sides is Maggie Glenn, a twenty-eight-year-old newspaper photographer who grew up in the town and has been sent to document the incident. Since leaving home almost ten years ago, Maggie has done her best to avoid her father, but now, as the town's conflict opens old wounds, she finds herself revisiting the past she's fought so hard to leave behind.
9780765316929 In 1950s Oakland, California, Stuart Hadley, a young radio electronics salesman, puts his perfect life at risk as his growing anger, anxiety, and fear results in a quest to fill the void with drinking, sex, and religious fanaticism.
9780806524276 A tribute to the undisputed master of terror and suspense and the visionary who revolutionised the art of filmmaking, this book covers everything from his 1922 silent film The Pleasure Garden to his final 1976 film, Family Plot, including such masterpieces as Vertigo, Psycho, Rear Window and The Birds, and the years of his popular television show, Alfred Hitchcock Presents. Complete with 450 b/w stills from his many films and a text that examines the background of each production, this is the ultimate portrait of the movie genius in all his cinematic glory.
9780345485250 The subject of a failed government experiment to produce a more deadly military warrior, Carl Marsalis is a hit man who has lost his taste for killing, but when he is arrested in Miami, government officials come up with a plan to use his talents to achieve their own ends. 30,000 first printing.
"9780898706833 It is generally agreed among his foes no less than among his friends that Ignatius of Loyola was a maker of history. A hundred books could be cited in proof of this statement, but the aim of this classic work is rather to show history and the grace of God forming the person of St. Ignatius. In this definitive biographical work, Fr. Brodrick combines scholarly research with a readable, enjoyable style in a book that endeavors to show the stages by which God led the wounded cavalier out of his dream-world of romantic battles in the service of fair ladies into the noontide of divine reality. ""The Pilgrimage,"" as he liked to call the difficult period of his spiritual apprenticeship, began when he was thirty and lasted for seventeen years of endless and often very moving trials. Out of it emerged a man completely transformed in Christ, one of the great saints in the history of the Church. Includes maps and index."
9780804741712 This is the second volume to appear in an edition that will be the first complete, critical, and annotated English translation of all of Nietzsches work. Volume 2: Unfashionable Observations, translated by Richard T. Gray, was published in 1995. The edition is a new English translation, by various hands, of the celebrated Colli-Montinari edition, which has been acclaimed as one of the most important works of scholarship in the humanities in the last quarter century. The original Italian edition was simultaneously published in French, German, and Japanese. This volume of Human, All Too Human, the first of two parts, is the earliest of Nietzsches works in which his philosophical concerns and methodologies can be glimpsed. In this work Nietzsche began to establish the intellectual difference from his own cultural milieu and time that makes him our contemporary. Published in 1878, it marks both a stylistic and an intellectual shift away from Nietzsches own youthful affiliation with Romantic excesses of German thought and culture typified by Wagnerian opera.
9780380777587 Employing her talents with the martial arts and disguise, Melanie Wyatt smuggles stolen goods to buy freedom for enslaved Chinese children, until Alex McClure, the agent hired to investigate, uncovers her operation and her vulnerable heart. Original.
9780375812934 Discusses dinosaur research and what can be learned from it, providing information about the age of the dinosaurs, what plant life was like, different dinosaurs, non-dinosaur animals, and what the Earth looked during their time.
9780140363333 Though no longer a fat girl, Elsie, now fifteen, still has trouble believing anyone could love her and that old fear threatens her relationship with her boyfriend.
9780064434942 Join the Ingalls family as they celebrate little Laura’s fifth birthday in the Big Woods of Wisconsin. There are special presents from everyone, and that night Laura falls asleep to the merry music of Pa’s fiddle. Renée Graef’s enchanting full-color illustrations, inspired by Garth Williams’s classic artwork, bring Laura and her family lovingly to life in our tenth My First Little House Book, adapted from Laura Ingalls Wilder’s beloved storybooks. It’s a Little House birthday to remember!
9780743480710 The centuries-long struggle between vampires and their sworn enemies, the werewolves, takes a bizarre turn in modern-day Budapest when vampire warrior Selene, a Death Dealer, finds herself drawn to Michael, an inncent American recently infected with the lupine curse. Original. (A Sony Pictures film, written by Danny McBride, releasing September 2003, starring Kate Beckinsale, Scott Speedman, Shane Brolly, Robby Gee, Erwin Leder, Wentworth Miller, Sophia Myles, Bill Nighy, & Michael Sheen) (Horror)
9780091894603 Despite the modern day emphasis on physical appearance, there is an easier way to become a desirable person rather than dieting or buying expensive clothes. Regardless of outer appearance, if people have minds that are fascinating, creative, and exciting--if they are good thinkers--they can be beautiful. The clear, practical instructions in this guide demonstrate how applying lateral and parallel thinking skills to conversation can improve the mind. The greatest impact is made on others through speech, and by learning how to listen, make a point, and maneuver a discussion, anyone can become more imaginative, more engaging, and more beautiful.
9780316545037 The first volume in William Manchester's masterful, magnum opus account of Winston Churchill's life. The Last Lion: Visions of Glory follows the first fifty-eight years of Churchill's life--the years that mold him into the man who will become one of the most influential politicians of the twentieth century. In this, the first volume, Manchester follows Churchill from his birth to 1932, when he began to warn against the re-militarization of Germany. Born of an American mother and the gifted but unstable son of a duke, his childhood was one of wretched neglect. He sought glory on the battlefields of Cuba, Sudan, India, South Africa and the trenches of France. In Parliament he was the prime force behind the creation of Iraq and Jordan, laid the groundwork for the birth of Israel, and negotiated the independence of the Irish Free State. Yet, as Chancellor of the Exchequer he plunged England into economic crisis, and his fruitless attempt to suppress Gandhi's quest for Indian independence brought political chaos to Britain. Throughout, Churchill learned the lessons that would prepare him for the storm to come, and as the 1930's began, he readied himself for the coming battle against Nazism--an evil the world had never before seen.
9780835608473 Mandala will guide readers of all levels through simple mandala exercises and easy-to-follow drawing techniques, incorporating meditation and guided visualization with lavish illustrations. By exploring the tradition of the sacred circle, readers will learn how to create their own unique and powerful works of sacred art and use the mandala symbol as a self-transformative tool that manifests and enhances their own spiritual consciousness. The new edition also includes a CD with meditations set to music and guided exercises.
9780060765316 Outlines steps to achieving overall physical health, addressing each area of the body in a series of chapters designed to challenge popular myths while informing readers on a range of dietary, exercise, and therapeutic concerns.
9780393703276 Relates the impact of trauma on the body to the phenomenon of somatic memory. The book illuminates the value of understanding the psychophysiology of trauma for both therapists and their traumatised clients. It progresses from relevant theory to applicable practice.
9780306804984 In the year 216 B.C., Hannibal of Carthage, faced with an opposing Roman army twice the size of his own, outwitted the enemy at Cannae by means of a strategy which has become a classic of its kind. As a result of his famous ”double pincer” maneuver, 70,000 Roman soldiers died within the space of a few hours on a field the size of New York's Central Park. Yet, as devastating and startling as Cannae was, it was only one of a long list of incredible achievements. Hannibal's fantastic 1,000-mile march across the Alps from Spain to Italy was one of the wonders of ancient times. He began his hazardous journey with 90,000 infantry, 12,000 cavalry, and 37 elephants. By the time he reached the Valley of the Po, more than 30,000 troops and many of his elephants had perished, but he still managed to stay in Italy for sixteen years.Blending biography and military adventure, Hannibal is a portrait of a military genius who was also a highly civilized man. The son of Hamilcar Barca, a famous general in his own right, Hannibal was a student of the Greek classics. But his father's lifelong grudge against Rome fostered in the son a deep hatred for that Republic and a fierce determination to subdue it forever. This resulted in the bloody battles of Lake Trasimene, Campania, Nole, Capua, and Zama, all of which Leonard Cottrell describes with vigor and authority. In gathering material for Hannibal, Cottrell traveled the entire route that Hannibal took across the Alps, thus bringing to his account a valuable firsthand knowledge of his subject. With the drama and authenticity for which he is famous, Leonard Cottrell describes Hannibal's amazing campaign—a saga of victory after victory which fell just short of its ultimate goal: the annihilation of Rome.
9780060578121 The fur starts flying when a gang from L.A. comes up to tranquil Molena Point, California, and begins breaking into the village's quaint shops. The fur of Joe Grey, Feline P.I., that is. After all, Molena Point has been his home since he was a kitten eating scraps from the garbage behind the local delicatessen, and he doesn't take well to marauding strangers. Joe even wonders whether the blonde who's moved into next to his human companion Clyde could be a part of the gang––she's been acting pretty suspicious lately. But when the strangers start trapping and caging feral cats––speaking cats like Joe and his girlfriend Dulcie––it proves too much for the intrepid four–footed detective. And when one of the gang is murdered, and a second mysterious death comes to light, he has no choice but to try to stop the crimes. Joe, Dulcie, and their tattercoat friend Kit, who used to be a stray herself, are deep into the investigation when they are able to release the three trapped cats. But as Kit leads them away to freedom, will she herself return to that wild life?
"9781590592168 * OneNote has the potential to be the next ""killer-app"" in the Microsoft Office family * Author already has public visibility in the OneNote field as author of a related web site (OneNoteInfoCenter.com) and first OneNote MVP * Advanced content will differentiate the book from numerous beginner’s texts * Early to market will allow this book to establish it as the definitive book on the subject. * OneNote will be part of the Microsoft Office family and Office titles sell well"
9780553585759 With the fall of the Curtain Walls and a devastating attack by vicious winged invaders, the world of Myrial confronts its ultimate challenge as the remnants of the Shadowleague struggle to regroup, find a missing ring (the symbol of Myrial's divine power, and search for a man who possesses the Dragon Seer's knowledge of all tribal memories. Original.
9780552548632 When the family business collapses, Beauty and her two sisters are forced to leave the city and begin a new life in the countryside. However, when their father accepts hospitality from the elusive and magical Beast, he is forced to make a terrible promise - to send one daughter to the Beast's castle, with no guarantee that she will be seen again. Beauty accepts the challenge, and there begins an extraordinary story of magic and love that overcomes all boundaries. This is another spellbinding and emotional tale embroidered around a fairytale from Robin McKinley, an award-winning American author.
9780345483195 In 1959, as the first wave of Cuban exiles arrives in the United States, Emma Gant, finally free of her stifling family and bullying stepfather, embarks on a career as a reporter for The Miami Star and begins to thrive in the sultry world of Miami, confronting conflicting loyalties, shady dealings, and personal and professional setbacks as she pursues her goals. Reader's Guide included. Reprint. 30,000 first printing.
9781421506296 Target: Light--working as Kira, the newest member of the NPA intelligence bureau, and L--has nearly succeeded in creating his ideal world. But the years of uncontested victory have made him complacent, and he is unprepared for a new attack close to home. With his younger sister Sayu kidnapped and the NPA's Death Note demanded as ransom, Light must travel across the world and confront two new adversaries, each with a very different agenda. Will Light's quick wits be a match for this new challenge, or will he be forced to choose between Kira's ambitions and his own family's lives?
9780940450738 This with its companion volume is the most comprehensive collection ever published of Mark Twain's short writings: the incomparable stories, sketches and maxims of American's greatest humorist.
"9780373250479 Tracey Spadolini from ""Slightly Single"" is back and looking and feeling fabulous. But Tracey soon finds herself the object of desire of three men. When did life for Tracey get so complicated?"
9780385492249 Mona Gray, a young second grade teacher who orders her universe with tidy numbers, finds chaos and romance with an odd new math teacher. A first novel. Reprint. 30,000 first printing.
9781589802438 We hear the terms steer clear of, hit the deck, don't rock the boat, and to harbor a grudge and give little thought to their origin. Left together on ships for months, and often for years, pirate crews developed expressions that made their way into common usage. Terms for things related to life at sea became idioms used by land lubbers, a term derived from the holes in the platforms surrounding the mast that allowed sailors to avoid climbing the rigging around the platforms. A lubber was someone who was very clumsy, so a land lubber is someone who knows nothing about sailing and rigging.Centuries ago, men wore wigs of length denoting their wealth and importance. Soon, many naval captains, including Sir Henry Morgan and Captain Chaloner Ogle, who killed Black Bart Roberts, began to adopt the style. A law was passed in England declaring that only nobility, judges, and bishops could wear full-length wigs and so was born the term bigwig .Reading through these words and phrases is an abbreviated trip through history, with lists of major naval mutinies, a summary of the slave trade, and even jokes. This dictionary is written to be entertaining as well as informative, to give a flavor of the interesting times from the fifteenth to the eighteenth centuries when pirates controlled many sealanes. It also contains a treasure trove of factual information about life aboard the ship, important pirate haunts, and technical terms.
9781857988376 Mars is a desolate world. Largely forgotten by Earth, the planet remains helpless in the stranglehold of Arnie Kott, who as boss of the plumber's union has a monopoly over the vital water supply. Arnie Kott is obsessed by the past; the native Bleekmen, poverty-stricken wanderers, can see into the future; while to Manfred, an autistic boy, time apparently stops. When one of the colonists, Norbert Steiner, commits suicide, the repercussions are startling and bizarre.
9780892818006 After 'Hit Man' The New York Times bestseller Confessions of an Economic Hit Man documents John Perkins’ extraordinary career as a globe-trotting economic hit man. Perkins’ insider’s view leads him to crisis of conscience--to the realization that he must devote himself to work which will foster a world-wide awareness of the sanctity of indigenous peoples, their cultures, and their environments. Perkins’ books demonstrate how the age-old shamanic techniques of some of the world’s most primitive peoples have sparked a revolution in modern concepts about healing, the subconscious, and the powers each of us has to alter individual and communal reality. This groundbreaking book is John Perkins’s firsthand account of his experiences with the shamanic technique of psychonavigation--a method of traveling outside the body by means of visions and dream wanderings--and his encounters with the Shuar of the Amazon, the Quechua of the Andes, and the Bugis of Indonesia. Shuar shamans psychonavigate for the purposes of hunting and healing, while the Bugis, among the most renowned sailors of the world, use these techniques to navigate without the aid of charts and compasses. Perkins explains how these techniques work and how the people of these indigenous cultures psychonavigate to both distant physical destinations and sources of inner wisdom. Throughout history, psychonavigation has been practiced by highly creative minds such as Beethoven, Jung, and Einstein. Perkins’s riveting narrative takes us on a journey of personal discovery as he learns the great value of these techniques and their relevance not only to individual well-being, but to the health of the environment and of the world at large. He reveals how by attuning to the positive forces in nature and communicating with our inner guides we all can become psychonavigators, finding our way to wise decisions and developing innovative approaches to the challenges we face as individuals and a world community.
"9780393011838 The chemistry professor columnist for the Washington Post's ""Food 101"" presents layperson explanations of kitchen mysteries involving food types, temperature, cooking equipment, and food myths. 30,000 first printing."
9780312966973 Stephanie Plum, Trenton, New Jersey's favorite pistol-packing, condom-carrying bounty hunter, is back--and on the trail of a revenge-seeking waitress who's skipped bail. With then help of 73-year-old Grandma Mazur, ex-hooker Lula, a transvestite musician named Sally Sweet, and the all-too-hospitable, all-too-sexy Joe Morelli, Stephanie might just catch her woman. Then again, with more mishaps than there are exits on the Jersey Turnpike--including murders, firebombs, and Stephanie's arch-rival bounty hunter chasing after the same fugative--Stephanie better watch her back big-time if she wants to live to crack this case.
9780345480057 Left to raise themselves in a small coal-mining town in Tennessee, Anneth and Easter, two very different sisters--one destined for the glittering world of Nashville, the other a devout Pentecostal--struggle to come to terms with the death of their mother as their long and difficult journey brings them back to their origins and to each other. By the author of Clay's Quilt. Reader's Guide included. Reprint. 30,000 first printing.
9780575068858 He's been a legend in his own lifetime. He can remember when a hero didn't have to worry about fences and lawyers and civilisation, and when people didn't tell you off for killing dragons. But he can't always remember, these days, where he put his teeth . . . So now, with his ancient sword and his new walking stick and his old friends -- and they're very old friends -- Cohen the Barbarian is going on one final quest. He's going to climb the highest mountain in the Discworld and meet his gods. The last hero in the world is going to return what the first hero stole. With a vengeance. That'll mean the end of the world, if no one stops him in time.
9780439884761 Follows the adventures of Soren, an orphaned barn owl that is captured and taken to St. Aegolius Academy where he becomes caught up in a battle between good and evil.
9780060936648 On October 25, 1946, in a crowded room in Cambridge, England, the great twentieth-century philosophers Ludwig Wittgenstein and Karl Popper came face to face for the first and only time. The meeting -- which lasted ten minutes -- did not go well. Their loud and aggressive confrontation became the stuff of instant legend, but precisely what happened during that brief confrontation remained for decades the subject of intense disagreement. An engaging mix of philosophy, history, biography, and literary detection, Wittgenstein's Poker explores, through the Popper/Wittgenstein confrontation, the history of philosophy in the twentieth century. It evokes the tumult of fin-de-siécle Vienna, Wittgentein's and Popper's birthplace; the tragedy of the Nazi takeover of Austria; and postwar Cambridge University, with its eccentric set of philosophy dons, including Bertrand Russell. At the center of the story stand the two giants of philosophy themselves -- proud, irascible, larger than life -- and spoiling for a fight.
"9780316831307 In an extraordinary blend of narrative history, personal recollection, & oral testimony, the author presents a sweeping history of Asian Americans. He writes of the Chinese who laid tracks for the transcontinental railroad, of plantation laborers in the canefields of Hawaii, of ""picture brides"" marrying strangers in the hope of becoming part of the American dream. He tells stories of Japanese Americans behind the barbed wire of U.S. internment camps during World War II, Hmong refugees tragically unable to adjust to Wisconsin's alien climate & culture, & Asian American students stigmatized by the stereotype of the ""model minority."" This is a powerful & moving work that will resonate for all Americans, who together make up a nation of immigrants from other shores."
9781932234299 Basis of the Hit Movie Ring 0: Birthday! Birthday is Ring-master Koji Suzuki’s return to the Ring universe, a collection of short stories focusing on the female characters with a theme of birth. An exploration of extraordinary circumstances from the perspective of memorable women, this expansion of the Ring, Spiral, and Loop world was adapted into a hit movie less than a year after the book’s publication. Thirty years before the tragic events of Ring, Sadako Yamamura was an aspiring stage actress on the verge of her theatrical debut. The beautiful and ravishing Sadako was the object of every male’s desire involved with the company including n the director. There was one thespian she was interested in, but… Fast forward past the events of Ring, Ryuji Takayama’s distraught lover, Mai Takano is struggling in the wake of the professor’s mysterious demise. Mai visits Ryuji’s parents’ house to find the missing pages of his soon-to-be published article. There she is drawn to a curious videotape and a fate more terrifying than Ryuji or Kazuyuki Asakawa’s. Reiko Sugiura questioned the purpose of bringing a child into a world where there was only death. She already lost one son, and the father of her unborn child, Kaoru Futami, had disappeared in search of a cure to the deadly disease that threatened all life. Despite Kaoru’s to meet again in two months, he has not returned. Despondent but driven for answers Reiko is led to the Loop project, where she will discover the final truths of the Ring virus.
"9780060837167 You've met the Italian mob in The Godfather, now welcome to the real-life world of Irish America's own murderous clan of organized crime The man who has remained silent for more than a decade finally speaks, revealing the gritty true story of his life inside the infamous South Boston Irish mob led by the elusive, Machiavellian kingpin Whitey Bulger, who to this day remains on the lam as one of the world's Ten Most Wanted criminals, second only to Osama bin Laden. John ""Red"" Shea was a top lieutenant in the South Boston Irish mob, rising to this position at the age of twenty-one. Thus began his tutelage under the notorious Irish godfather James ""Whitey"" Bulger. An ice-cold enforcer with a legendary red-hot temper, Shea was a legend among his Southie peers in the 1980s. From the first delivery truck he robbed at thirteen to the start of his twelve-year federal sentence for drug trafficking at twenty-seven, Shea was a portrait in American crime -- a terror, brutal and ruthlessly ambitious. Drug dealer, loan shark, money launderer, and multimillion-dollar narcotics kingpin, Shea was at the pinnacle of power -- until the feds came knocking and eventually obliterated the legendary mob in a well-orchestrated sweep of arrests, fueled by insider tips to the FBI and DEA. While Bulger's other top men turned informant to save their own hides, Shea alone kept his code of honor and his mouth shut -- loyalty that earned him a dozen years of hard time even as the man he was protecting turned out to be, himself, a rat. For in the end, in a remarkable show of betrayal, Bulger turned out to be the FBI's ""main man"" and top informant -- tipping off the feds for decades while still managing to operate one of the most murderous and profitable organized crime outfits of all time. In Rat Bastards, Shea brings that mysterious world and gritty urban Irish American street culture into sharp focus by telling his own story -- of his fatherless upbringing, his apprenticeship on the tough streets of Southie, and his love affair with trouble, boxing, and then the gangster life. In prose that is refreshingly honest, personal, and surprisingly tender, Shea tells his harrowing, unflinching, and unapologetic story. A man who did the crime, did the time, and held fast to the Irish code of silence, which he was raised to follow at any cost, Shea remains a man of honor and in doing so has become a living legend. One of the last of a dying breed, a true stand-up guy. Shea expects no forgiveness and makes no excuses for the life he chose. His story is intense, compelling, and in your face."
"9780060589288 Eleven Minutes is the story of Maria, a young girl from a Brazilian village, whose first innocent brushes with love leave her heartbroken. At a tender age, she becomes convinced that she will never find true love, instead believing that ""love is a terrible thing that will make you suffer. . . ."" A chance meeting in Rio takes her to Geneva, where she dreams of finding fame and fortune. Maria's despairing view of love is put to the test when she meets a handsome young painter. In this odyssey of self-discovery, Maria has to choose between pursuing a path of darkness -- sexual pleasure for its own sake -- or risking everything to find her own ""inner light"" and the possibility of sacred sex, sex in the context of love. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more."
9780446611084 Katie Wilkinson has finally found the perfect man - but one day he suddenly disappears, leaving behind only a diary written by a new mother named Suzanne for her baby, Nicholas. In it she intimately reveals the romance between herself and the child's father, her hopes for their marriage, and her unparalleled joy in motherhood. As Katie reads on, she realizes that the man she loves is Suzanne's husband. Now, filled with terror and hope, Katie must struggle to understand what has happened - and find out if her new love has a prayer of surviving.
9780425212134 Tired of keeping tabs on his boss's wife and her female entourage, vampire Seamus Fox, the campaign manager for the Vampire Nation presidential candidate, finds himself falling for the enigmatic Cara Kim, a sultry but shy stripper who dances behind a screen to hide her identity. By the author of High Stakes. Original. 30,000 first printing.
9780763628109 When twelve-year-old Daniel Cook and his sister, Beatrice, spend the summer at a special school run by their parents' eccentric former tutor, they are introduced to the secret study of dragonology and find themselves caught up in an evil plot.
9780060975944 A portrait of America as seen through the eyes of its new arrivals follows the story of an intensely feminine Cuban-Irish family of fourteen daughters and its one doggedly masculine son
9780312194390 The Autobiography of Henry VIII is the magnificent historical novel that established Margaret George's career. Evocatively written in the first person as Henry VIII's private journals, the novel was the product of fifteen years of meticulous research and five handwritten drafts. Much has been written about the mighty, egotistical Henry VIII: the man who dismantled the Church because it would not grant him the divorce he wanted; who married six women and beheaded two of them; who executed his friend Thomas More; who sacked the monasteries; who longed for a son and neglected his daughters, Mary and Elizabeth; who finally grew fat, disease-ridden, dissolute. Now, in her magnificent work of storytelling and imagination Margaret George bring us Henry VIII's story as he himself might have told it, in memoirs interspersed with irreverent comments from his jester and confident, Will Somers. Brilliantly combining history, wit, dramatic narrative, and an extraordinary grasp of the pleasures and perils of power, this monumental novel shows us Henry the man more vividly than he has ever been seen before.
9780141185910 The story of the guilt, bitterness and spiritual strivings of the Grimes family which is told as the son, John, faces the issue of religious conversion in the Temple of the Fire Baptised.
9780671553043 New York Times bestselling author Tess Gerritsen weaves authenticity into another novel of searing medical suspense, as a dedicated woman doctor probes into the cause of a mystifying and lethal outbreak. The quiet overnight shift at Springer Hospital ER suits Dr. Toby Harper just fine -- until she admits a man in critical condition from a possible viral infection of the brain. The delirious man barely responds to treatment -- and then disappears without a trace. Before Toby can find him, a second case occurs, revealing a terrifying fact: the virus can only be spread through direct tissue exchange. Following a trail of death that winds from a pregnant sixteen-year-old prostitute to her own home, Toby discovers the unthinkable: the epidemic didn't just happen -- someone let it loose....
9781400075713 Precious Ramotswe and her assistant, Grace Makutsi, investigate local advice columnist Aunty Emang, who may be linked to trouble at a local medical clinic and the cobra that somehow ended up in Precious's office.
9780805080513 The fourth book of the Prydain cycle tells of the adventures that befell Taran when he went in search of his birthright and the truth about himself.
9780099456452 A wonderful and terrifying series by a new writer about a young boy training to be an exorcist. Thomas Ward is the seventh son of a seventh son and has been apprenticed to the local Spook. The job is hard, the Spook is distant and many apprentices have failed before Thomas. Somehow Thomas must learn how to exorcise ghosts, contain witches and bind boggarts. But when he is tricked into freeing Mother Malkin, the most evil witch in the County, the horror begins . .
9780440229353 Author Gary Paulsen relates tales from his youth in a small town in northwestern Minnesota in the late 1940s and early 1950s, such as skiing behind a souped-up car and imitating daredevil Evel Knievel.
9780972393614 A guide to J.K. Rowling's first four Harry Potter novels analyzes mysterious elements, themes, and puzzles hidden throughout the works and speculates about the plots and endings of future volumes.
9781590583425 Faye Longchamp and Joe Wolf Mantooth have traveled to Neshoba County, Mississippi, to help excavate a site near Nanih Waiya, the sacred mound where tradition says the Choctaw nation was born.When farmer Carroll Calhoun refuses the archaeologists’ request to investigate an ancient Native American mound, Faye and her colleagues are disappointed. But his next action breaks their hearts: he tries to bulldoze the huge relic to the ground. Faye and Joe rush to protect history with their bodies, if necessary. The situation grows more dangerous as Choctaws arrive to defend the mound and the farmer’s white and black neighbors come to defend his property rights. A popular young sheriff is able to defuse the situation, but tempers are short. That night, Calhoun is found dead, his throat sliced with a handmade stone blade. Was he killed by an archaeologist angered by his wanton destruction of history? Did a Choctaw take up arms to defend an embattled heritage? Did someone decide to even the score with an old rival? The sheriff is well-aware that Faye and Joe were near the spot where Calhoun’s body was found. The whole county saw their confrontation with him over the mound. And their combined knowledge of stone tools is impressive. They had motive, means, and opportunity—but so did almost everyone in Neshoba County.
"9781590302255 Written around the 6th century BC, The Art of War is one of the oldest books about war and military strategy, and probably the best. For more than two thousand years, Sun-tzu's ""The Art of War"" has provided leaders with essential advice on battlefield tactics, managing troops and terrain, and employing cunning and deception. Above all, it teaches how, when battles commences, to think on your feet and catch your enemy off guard. An elemental part of Chinese culture, it has also become a touchstone for the Western struggle for survival and success."
9780822012191 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. The latest generation of titles in this series also feature glossaries and visual elements that complement the classic, familiar format. In CliffsNotes on The Sound and the Fury, you explore what is considered to be one of William Faulkner's greatest novels. The Sound and the Fury tells the story of the decline of the once-aristocratic Compson family of Yoknapatawpha County, in northern Mississippi, as told in stream of consciousness by three brothers – Benjamin, Quentin, and Jason. Summaries and commentaries guide you through each section of the novel, and critical essays help you understand the origin of the book's title, the structure of the book, and Faulkner's stream of consciousness style of writing. Other features that help you study include A section on the life and background of William Faulkner A special guide to the Benjy section – the most difficult section of the novel Analyses of the major characters An additional critical essay on meaning through motif in the novel Review questions and essay topics Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides.
9780140260892 The author of Myra Breckenridge reminisces about his life, from his school days at St. Albans and Exeter to his rise as a literary superstar, and the famous people he has known, including the Kennedys, the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, and Eleanor Roosevelt. Reprint.
9780140448146 In Lysistrata and The Archarnians, politics as usual takes a backseat to the machinations of, respectively, a group of women and a single peasant, while The clouds takes satiric aim at the philosophers of Athens.
9780976249870 For God so loved the world that he gave his only two begotten sons. and a few million zombies Thugs, pushers, gangsters, rapists, murderers; Detective Philip Makane thought he'd seen it all until he awoke on the morning of Easter Sunday 2015, to a world filled with bleeding rain, ravenous zombies, a homicidal ghost, and the sudden arrival of two men with extraordinary powers who both claim to be Jesus Christ in the flesh.
9780330488150 Two short novels by the author of The Last Life.'A Simple Tale' tells the story of Maria Poniatowski: her childhood in the Ukraine; her incarceration in a Nazi prison camp in Poland; and her life as an emigrant, working as a domestic in Toronto. Maria is now old, but not yet retired; her sole client is the ancient, demanding Mrs Ellison. Maria reflects on all that has happened, on her relationship with her family, with Mrs Ellison, with the country she left behind and the country in which she lives. 'A Simple Tale' is a moving story of a life and a century.'The Hunters' is the tale of an American academic doing research one summer in London, and the odd and disconcerting relationship she (or he?–the narrator remains a nameless and ungendered voice) develops with her downstairs neighbour, Ridley Wandor. Messud vividly captures the sweltering ugliness of London in the summer, and the sinister aspects of its grimmer quarters. 'The Hunters' is a mysterious story–powerful, haunting and accomplished.
9781411404366 Presents the original text of Shakespeare's play side by side with a modern version, with marginal notes and explanations and full descriptions of each character.
9780751535389 Adopted as a baby, Vicky McCarthy's curiosity about where she came from has finally got the better of her: she wants to trace her birth mother. If that doesn't cause friction enough, there's a new face to contend with at work: Ed O'Neill, whom Vicky is convinced is being groomed for her job as manager of Dublin toyshop Toys Galore. Sal, Vicky's go-getting best friend, thinks Ed is gorgeous, and that if Vicky doesn't bag him, she will. But Vicky is going out with Marti, manager of an up-and-coming boy band, with a six-year-old son and complications of his own . . . Something Borrowed is the brilliant fourth novel from Tina Reilly: a fresh, frank, funny tale of loves lost and found.
9780393324464 Presents essays that explore the deepest mysteries of the universe, including black holes, gravity holes, and time travel, by physicists Stephen Hawking, Kip S. Thorne, Igor Novikov, Timothy Ferris, and Alan Lightman.
"9781885865243 Through a Brazen Mirror is the third book in The Ultra Violet Library, Circlet's imprint of fantasy and science fiction by/for/about lesbian/gay/bi folk. Originally published in 1989 by mass market publisher Ace, the book was marketed as generic sword and sorcery and, in the way of mass market books, disappeared from sight shortly thereafter, before it had a chance to reach an audience who would appreciate its themes. Based on an ancient Anglo-Scots ballad called ""The Famous Flower of Serving Men"" (a magical, tragic tale about a young woman who disguises herself as a man after the murder of her husband), Through a Brazen Mirror tells the tale of the witch Margaret, her daughter Elinor, King Lionel, and the extraordinary William Flowers, who saves the king from doom and Margaret's malevolent magic. With much richness of detail and folklore, Sherman uses the tale to explore issues of attraction, loyalty, and gender identity. For William is Elinor, who as William bonds with the young king and takes charge of a fate that was to be her undoing. The book, though it takes place in a fictional kingdom, is no cleaned-up fairy tale, and presents a historical picture of life circa 1400. In an age when women are not taught to read or write, both Margaret, as an evil schemer, and Elinor, who must take on a man's name and countenance, fight for their self-determination, each in her own way."
9780141183534 This story grew out of a lecture that Virginia Woolf had been invited to give at Girton College, Cambridge in 1928. It ranges over Jane Austen and Charlotte Bronte, the silent fate of Shakespeare's gifted and imaginary sister, and over the effects of poverty and chastity on female creativity.
9780061053566 Gurgeh, a champion game player, travels a hundred thousand light years to the Empire of Azad, where the winner of their complex game becomes emperor
"9780140320435 Mr. Willy Wonka might be a genius with chocolate, but Charlie and his family don't trust his flying skills one bit. And right now, he's at the helm of a giant glass elevator that's picking up speed and hurtling through space with Charlie and the entire Bucket family stuck inside! Roald Dahl's uproarious sequel to ""Charlie and the Chocolate Factory"" is certain to delight and entertain a new generation of readers. ""From the Hardcover edition."""
"9781933648279 ""Cornell Woolrich's novels define the essence of noir nihilism.""-Marilyn Stasio, The New York Times Book Review One of Woolrich's most famous novels, this classic noir tale of a con man struggling with his ability to see the future is arguably the author's best in its depiction of his vision of doomed predestination. From the 1930s until his death in 1968, Cornell Woolrich riveted the reading public with his unparalleled suspense stories. Classic films like Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window and novels such as Rendezvous in Black earned Woolrich epithets like ""the twentieth century's Edgar Allan Poe"" and ""the father of noir."""
9780842384117 Double agent Paul Stepola continues to work to protect his fellow believers from the government that is trying to eliminate Christians, and struggles how to tell his family about his newfound faith without raising his father-in-law's suspicions.
9780385731843 Living in New York City with her mother and her younger sister, Miri, fourteen-year-old Rachel tries to persuade Miri, who has recently become a witch, to help her become popular at school and to try to stop their divorced father's wedding.
9780099428640 Written in 1914, The Trial is the terrifying tale of Josef K., a respectable bank officer who is suddenly arrested and must defend himself against a charge about which he can get no information. Kafka’s nightmare has resonated with chilling truth for generations of readers.
"9781419950582 ""Elgin Collier, AKA Gillian Shelby, is the world's most popular women's erotica author. She has wealth, success and now apparently a stalker who may already have committed murder. Sheila Forbes, Elgin's publisher and best friend hires Campbell Harm, head of Harm's Way Security to protect her and find the stalker. It's hate at first sight for these strong-willed, independent people. He thinks she's a """"pornographer"""" and she thinks he's a """"knuckle-dragging Neanderthal."""" Sparks fly from their first meeting."""
9788173031014 This book tells the tale of a man who goes on a wonderful and amazing journey through Asia. His travels can also be seen as a parable of one person's search for enlightenment. Ever since this book's first publication in 1932, it has influenced generations of readers with its ideas on Eastern religion and Jungian psychology and its criticism of Western middleclass values.
9780571201136 Composed towards the end of the first millennium of our era, the Anglo-Saxon poem Beowulf is a Northern epic and a classic of European literature. In this new translation, Seamus Heaney has produced a work that is true, line by line, to the original poem.
9780060527990 A community devoured by greed, cowardice, and fear. A man persecuted by the ghosts of his painful past. A young woman searching for happiness. In one eventful week, each will face questions of life, death, and power, and each will choose a path. Will they choose good or evil? In the remote village of Viscos -- a village too small to be on any map, a place where time seems to stand still -- a stranger arrives, carrying with him a backpack containing a notebook and eleven gold bars. He comes searching for the answer to a question that torments him: Are human beings, in essence, good or evil? In welcoming the mysterious foreigner, the whole village becomes an accomplice to his sophisticated plot, which will forever mark their lives. Paulo Coelho's stunning novel explores the timeless struggle between good and evil, and brings to our everyday dilemmas fresh perspective: incentive to master the fear that prevents us from following our dreams, from being different, from truly living. The Devil and Miss Prym is a story charged with emotion, in which the integrity of being human meets a terrifying test.
9780470045299 Thinking about buying or selling items on eBay? Whether you want to use eBay to make smart bids and win auctions or turn household clutter into cash, eBay for Dummies, Fifth Edition is your passport to the most successful trading community on the planet. Beginning with an overview of what eBay is and how to become a registered user, eBay for Dummies helps you discover how you can: Search for items to buy and list items to sell on eBay Place a bid—and determine how much you should spend Use pictures and basic HTML to make your eBay listings more appealing Communicate well and close deals without a problem Identify auction terms (reserve price, starting bid, Buy It Now, etc.) Organize your transactions and interactions using the My eBay page Resolve buying and selling issues with eBay’s Trust & Safety program And much more! Registering at eBay makes you part of a really unique community of people who like to collect, buy, and sell items of just about every kind! So if you’re ready to join the millions of people who use their home computers to make great deals, buy cool stuff, and turn a profit, eBay for Dummies does all the legwork so you can sit back and let the bidding begin!
9780553817065 Today they will find her body. I know how it will happen. I can picture, quite vividly, the sequence of events that will lead to the discoverya In Boston, there's a killer on the loose. A killer who targets lone women, who breaks into their apartments and performs terrifying ritualistic acts of torture on his victims before finishing them off. His surgical skills lead police to suspect he is a physician - a physician who, instead of saving lives, takes them. But as homicide detective Thomas Moore and his partner Jane Rizzoli begin their investigation, they make a startling discovery. Closely linked to these killings is Catherine Cordell, a beautiful medic with a mysterious past. Two years ago she was subjected to a horrifying rape and attempted murder but shot her attacker dead. Now she is being targeted by this new killer who seems to know all about her past, her work at the Pilgrim Medical Center, and where she lives. The man she believes she killed seems to be stalking her once again, and this time he knows exactly where to find hera
9780520206397 Written with wit, insight, and candor, Balanchine is a book that will delight lovers of biography as well as those with a special interest in dance. For this edition the author has added a thoughtful yet dramatic account of the working out of Balanchine's legacy, from the making of his controversial will to the present day. The author explores the intriguing legal, financial, and institutional subplots that unfolded after the death of the greatest choreographer of the century, but the central plot of his epilogue is the aesthetic issue: In the absence of their creator, can the ballets retain their wondrous vitality? Taper illuminates the fascinating transmission of Balanchine's masterworks from one generation to another, an unprecented legacy in the history of ballet, that most evanescent of the arts.
9780373772520 Janna Wayland, the wild stallion Lucifer, and Ty MacKenzie, the stranger who had come for the stallion but stays to capture Janna's heart, join forces to escape from the steep mountains and canyons of the Utah Territory, where El Cascabel and his renegade warriors roam. Reissue.
"9780300094008 This book is a magisterial account of the life and times of Marcel Proust. Based on a host of recently available letters, memoirs, and manuscripts, it sheds new light on Proust's character, his development as an artist, and his masterpiece ""In Search of Lost Time"" (long known in English as ""Remembrance of Things Past""). 47 illustrations."
9780450040184 Danny is only five years old, but he is a 'shiner', aglow with psychic voltage. When his father becomes caretaker of an old hotel, his visions grow out of control. Cut off by blizzards, the hotel seems to develop an evil force, and who are the mysterious guests in the supposedly empty hotel?
9780231109253 The collection Poems Between Women explores many facets of female-female relationships in poems not only about love or affection between or inspired by women but also about the moments that complicate and call into question the nature of sexuality and intimacy between women. Including women married and single, young and old, lesbian, bisexual, and heterosexual, the anthology covers historical development and changing mores through the seventeenth century, after the Restoration of Charles II, a time of relative freedom for women; the eighteenth century, when the cult of romantic friendship reached its peak; the nineteenth century, when women writers wrote about issues of same-sex desire indirectly and explored complex issues such as death in tones of weariness and resignation; and the twentieth century, when poets began to engage in more overt explorations of women's bodies, sensuality, and lovemaking. Emma Donoghue's introduction deftly guides readers into the rich tradition of women's poetry in English, exploring the relationships between poets and their muses and poets and their cultures. Poems Between Women is testimony not only to the recurring theme of the unique bonds among women but also to the universality of love, friendship, and creativity.
9780393321074 Now that the Napoleonic Wars are over, frigate captain Jack Aubrey faces desertion, near sinking, and brawls with British sailors--all before he reaches his next destination, Chile--where he will help the fledgling country break free of Spain and takes on some notable passengers. Reprint. 50,000 first printing.
9780446608473 This novel focuses on two outcasts on two journeys in two eras. In 1689 England, Lady Eliza Grey's 11 brothers are turned into swans. Rejected by her father, Eliza is flown to America by her brothers where she has a chance to save them--until she is accused of witchcraft. In the second story, set in 1981 New York, Elias Latham has AIDS, is banished from his father's house, and must learn to live on the streets. Like Eliza, Elias struggles to understand the suffering he must endure.
9780099448570 Growing up in the suburbs in post-war Japan, it seemed to Hajime that everyone but him had brothers and sisters. His sole companion was Shimamoto, also an only child. Together they spent long afternoons listening to her father's record collection. But when his family moved away, the two lost touch. Now Hajime is in his thirties. After a decade of drifting he has found happiness with his loving wife and two daughters, and success running a jazz bar. Then Shimamoto reappears. She is beautiful, intense, enveloped in mystery. Hajime is catapulted into the past, putting at risk all he has in the present.
9780448435367 Ellie's first term at the Royal Ballet School is filled with excitement, hard work, homesickness, an unexpected chance to perform, and new friendships, tainted only by the rude and hateful behavior of Lara, the girl she crashed into during their audition.
9781416502043 When the body of a half-drowned elf is found floating in the seas of the Blue Divide, an old mystery resurfaces. Thirty years ago, an expedition in search of a legendary, ancient magic set out. But none who went ever returned. Until now. For the rescued elf carries a map covered with mysterious symbols only one man can decipher. That man is Walker Boh, the last of the Druids. But one other person understands the map's significance - the Ilse Witch, a beautiful but twisted young woman, who wields a magic as potent as Walker's own. She will stop at nothing to possess the map - and the magic it leads to. To stop her, Walker must find the magic first. And thus begins the voyage of the sleek, swift airship Jerle Shannara. The company chosen by Walker must fly into the face of unknown terrors while the Ilse Witch and her dark allies follow, waiting to strike…
9780671519162 An anthology of courtroom drama and whodunit suspense includes short works by such popular authors as John Lutz, Stuart Kaminsky, Jay Brandon, John Jakes, Lia Matera, and Bill Brozini. Original.
"9780330353823 The bestselling author of ""The Autobiography of Henry VIII"" and ""Mary Queen of Scotland and the Isles"" brings to life the words and glittering kingdom of Cleopatra, Queen of the Nile, in a lush, sweeping, and richly detailed saga of ancient Egypt."
9780099476351 Sir Gareth Ludlow knows it is his duty as a man of honour to restore so young and pretty a girl as Amanda, wandering unattended, to her family. But it is to prove no easy task for the Corinthian.
"9780374530716 A page-turning novel that is also an exploration of the great philosophical concepts of Western thought, Sophie's World has fired the imagination of readers all over the world, with more than twenty million copies in print. One day fourteen-year-old Sophie Amundsen comes home from school to find in her mailbox two notes, with one question on each: ""Who are you?"" and ""Where does the world come from?"" From that irresistible beginning, Sophie becomes obsessed with questions that take her far beyond what she knows of her Norwegian village. Through those letters, she enrolls in a kind of correspondence course, covering Socrates to Sartre, with a mysterious philosopher, while receiving letters addressed to another girl. Who is Hilde? And why does her mail keep turning up? To unravel this riddle, Sophie must use the philosophy she is learning--but the truth turns out to be far more complicated than she could have imagined."
9780763625894 Edward Tulane, a cold-hearted and proud toy rabbit, loves only himself until he is separated from the little girl who adores him and travels across the country, acquiring new owners and listening to their hopes, dreams, and histories. Jr Lib Guild. Teacher's Guide available. 300,000 first printing.
9780803283855 Black Elk Speaks is the story of the Lakota visionary and healer Nicholas Black Elk (1863-1950) and his people during the momentous twilight years of the nineteenth century. Black Elk met the distinguished poet, writer, and critic John G. Neihardt (1881-1973) in 1930 on the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota and chose Neihardt to tell his story. Neihardt understood and conveyed Black Elk’s experiences in this powerful and inspirational message for all humankind. When Black Elk received his great vision, white settlers were invading the Lakotas’ homeland, decimating buffalo herds, and threatening to extinguish the Lakotas’ way of life. The Lakotas fought fiercely to retain their freedom and way of life, a dogged resistance that resulted in a remarkable victory at the Little Bighorn and an unspeakable tragedy at Wounded Knee. Black Elk Speaks offers much more than a precious glimpse of a vanished time, however. As related by Neihardt, Black Elk’s searing visions of the unity of humanity and the earth have made this book a venerated spiritual classic. Whether appreciated as the poignant tale of a Lakota life, a history of a Native nation, or an enduring spiritual testament, Black Elk Speaks is unforgettable. This new edition features two additional essays by John G. Neihardt that further illuminate his experience with Black Elk; an essay by Alexis Petri, great-granddaughter of John G. Neihardt, that celebrates Neihardt’s remarkable accomplishments; and a look at the legacy of the special relationship between Neihardt and Black Elk, written by Lori Utecht, editor of Knowledge and Opinion: Essays and Literary Criticism of John G. Neihardt. For more information on John G. Neihardt, visit www.neihardt.com
9780060763725 But this is what I could not give up: I could not give up myself Psyche has known Love—scented with jasmine and tasting of fresh oranges. Yet he is fleeting and fragile, lost to her too quickly. Punished by self-doubt, Psyche yearns to be transformed, like the beautiful and brutal figures in the myths her lover once spoke of. Attempting to uncover beauty in the darkness, she is challenged, tested, and changed by the gods and demons who tempt her. Her faith must be found again, for if she is to love, she must never look back.
9780439933414 J.D. continues to search for answers about her past and about the dangerous powers that she cannot control, while the memories implanted in her brain by the mysterious Dr. Styron won't stop haunting her.
9780312151225 Details how to use the ancient Chinese book of divination and discussess how to relate the I Ching's hexagrams to the problems of modern life
9780679431374 A fantasy of life amongst the monks and friars of 16th-century France which remains a satirical and comic classic. Rabelais espouses a positive view of life in which tolerance, goodness, understanding and wisdom are opposed to dogmatism, pride and cruelty.
9781857237641 Otherland, an incredibly complex and detailed virtual reality, has appeared. Surrounded by secrecy, it is home to the wildest dreams and darkest nightmares of its users and its creators. Vast amounts of money have been lavished on it. The best minds of two generations have laboured to build it. And somehow, bit by bit, it is claiming the Earth's most valuable resource - its children. The story begun in OTHERLAND continues in this, the second volume of an astonishing series which is destined to become a landmark in imaginative fiction.
"9780007149827 For sixty years, Jewish refugees and their descendants have prospered in the Federal District of Sitka, a ""temporary"" safe haven created in the wake of revelations of the Holocaust and the shocking 1948 collapse of the fledgling state of Israel. Proud, grateful, and longing to be American, the Jews of the Sitka District have created their own little world in the Alaskan panhandle, a vibrant, gritty, soulful, and complex frontier city that moves to the music of Yiddish. For sixty years they have been left alone, neglected and half-forgotten in a backwater of history. Now the District is set to revert to Alaskan control, and their dream is coming to an end: once again the tides of history threaten to sweep them up and carry them off into the unknown. But homicide detective Meyer Landsman of the District Police has enough problems without worrying about the upcoming Reversion. His life is a shambles, his marriage a wreck, his career a disaster. He and his half-Tlingit partner, Berko Shemets, can't catch a break in any of their outstanding cases. Landsman's new supervisor is the love of his life—and also his worst nightmare. And in the cheap hotel where he has washed up, someone has just committed a murder—right under Landsman's nose. Out of habit, obligation, and a mysterious sense that it somehow offers him a shot at redeeming himself, Landsman begins to investigate the killing of his neighbor, a former chess prodigy. But when word comes down from on high that the case is to be dropped immediately, Landsman soon finds himself contending with all the powerful forces of faith, obsession, hopefulness, evil, and salvation that are his heritage—and with the unfinished business of his marriage to Bina Gelbfish, the one person who understands his darkest fears. At once a gripping whodunit, a love story, an homage to 1940s noir, and an exploration of the mysteries of exile and redemption, The Yiddish Policemen's Union is a novel only Michael Chabon could have written."
9780333904916 Eighteenth-century Britain was the world's leading exponent of the slave trade: profits soared and among the beneficiaries were the Church of England and London's Tate Gallery. Yet in the space of a few short years, beginning in 1788, a group of Abolitionists moved the cause of anti-slavery to the very centre of British political life, from the floor of Parliament to the homes of 300,000 people boycotting Caribbean sugar. At their head was Thomas Clarkson, a divinity student who travelled 35,000 miles on horseback documenting abuses, talking to supporters, and evading attempts on his life. With Granville Sharp and James Phillips he founded the Society for Effecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and gave platforms to freed slaves such as Olaudah Equiano, who had experienced the horrors in full. Clarkson's movement resembled nothing England had ever seen before: outside both Parliament and Church, it was the first major embodiment of the forces that today we call civil society, and Hochschild, drawing on the voluminous letters and journals of the characters involved, brings it compellingly to life.
9780066238500 Journeys to the end of the world, fantastic creatures, and epic battles between good and evil -- what more could any reader ask for in one book? The book that has it all is The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, written in 1949 by Clive Staples Lewis. But Lewis did not stop there. Six more books followed, and together they became known as The Chronicles of Narnia. For the past fifty years, The Chronicles of Narnia have transcended the fantasy genre to become part of the canon of classic literature. Each of the seven books is a masterpiece, drawing the reader into a land where magic meets reality, and the result is a fictional world whose scope has fascinated generations. This edition presents all seven books -- unabridged -- in one impressive volume. The books are presented here according to Lewis' preferred order, each chapter graced with an illustration by the original artist, Pauline Baynes. Deceptively simple and direct, The Chronicles of Narnia continue to captivate fans with adventures, characters, and truths that speak to readers of all ages, even fifty years after they were first published.
"9780393964523 Michael Shinagel has collated the reprint with all six authorizededitions published by Taylor in 1719 to achieve a text that is faithfulto Defoe's original edition. Annotations assist the reader with obscurewords and idioms, biblical references, and nautical terms. ""Contexts"" helps the reader understand the novel's historical andreligious significance. Included are four contemporary accounts ofmarooned men, Defoe's autobiographical passages on the novel'sallegorical foundation, and aspects of the Puritan emblematic traditionessential for understanding the novel's religious aspects. ""Eighteenth-and Nineteenth-Century Opinions"" is a comprehensive studyof early estimations by prominent literary and political figures,including Alexander Pope, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Samuel Johnson, SamuelTaylor Coleridge, William Wordsworth, Edgar Allen Poe, Thomas BabingtonMacaulay, Charles Dickens, Karl Marx, and John Stuart Mill. ""Twentieth-Century Criticism"" is a collection of fourteen essays (fiveof them new to the Second Edition) that presents a variety ofperspectives on Robinson Crusoe by Virginia Woolf, Ian Watt, EricBerne, Maximillian E. Novak, Frank Budgen, James Joyce, George A.Starr, J. Paul Hunter, James Sutherland, John J. Richetti, LeopoldDamrosch, Jr., John Bender, Michael McKeon, and Carol Houlihan Flynn. A Chronology of Defoe's life and work and an updated SelectedBibliography are also included."
9780671041557 In a novel based on the popular computer game, Norrec Vizharan stumbles upon the ancient armor of Bartuc, the legendary Warlord of Blood, a cursed artifact that draws Norrect into a tortured struggle against his own bloodthirsty desires as he searches for the truth about the terrifying curse before he is lost to the darkness forever or falls into the hands of the evil demons pursuing him. Original. (A Blizzard Entertainment M-rated electronic game) (Horror)
9781400078677 A history of the Dutch role in the establishment of Manhattan discusses the rivalry between England and the Dutch Republic, focusing on the power struggle between Holland governor Peter Stuyvesant and politician Adriaen van der Donck that shaped New York's culture and social freedoms. Reprint. 50,000 first printing.
9780330487146 `Brilliant and terrifying`Observer I had to be the man who was doing well and more than well, the man whose drab shop concealed some bigger operation that made millions. I had to be the man who had planned it all, who had come to the destroyed town at the bend in the river because he had foreseen the rich future. `Salim, the narrator, is a young man from an Indian family of traders long resident on the coast of Centeral Africa. Salim has left the coast to make his way in the interior, there to take on a small trading shop of this and that, sudries, sold to the natives. The place is “a bend in the river”; it is Africa. The time is post-colonial, the time of Independence. The Europeans have withdrawn or been forced to withdraw and the scene is one of chaos, violent change, warring tribes, ignorance, isolation, poverty and a lack of prepartion for the modern world they have entered, or partially assumed as a sort of decoration. It is a story of historical upheaval and social breakdown. Naipaul has fashioned a work of intense imaginative force. It is a haunting creation, rich with incident and human bafflement, played out in an immense detail of landscape rendered with a poignant brilliance.`Elizabeth Hardwick `Always a master of fictional landscape, Naipaul here shows, in his variety of human examples and in his search for underlying social causes, a Tolstoyan spirit`John Updike
9780670886586 It all begins with a letter. Fall in love with Penguin Drop Caps, a new series of twenty-six collectible and hardcover editions, each with a type cover showcasing a gorgeously illustrated letter of the alphabet. In a design collaboration between Jessica Hische and Penguin Art Director Paul Buckley, the series features unique cover art by Hische, a superstar in the world of type design and illustration, whose work has appeared everywhere from Tiffany & Co. to Wes Anderson's recent film Moonrise Kingdom to Penguin's own bestsellers Committed and Rules of Civility. With exclusive designs that have never before appeared on Hische's hugely popular Daily Drop Cap blog, the Penguin Drop Caps series debuted with an 'A' for Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice, a 'B' for Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre, and a 'C' for Willa Cather's My Antonia. It continues with more perennial classics, perfect to give as elegant gifts or to showcase on your own shelves. R is for Rushdie. Set in an exotic Eastern landscape peopled by magicians and fantastic talking animals, Salman Rushdie's classic children's novel Haroun and the Sea of Stories inhabits the same imaginative space as Gulliver's Travels, Alice in Wonderland, and The Wizard of Oz. Haroun, a 12-year-old boy sets out on an adventure to restore the poisoned source of the sea of stories. On the way, he encounters many foes, all intent on draining the sea of all its storytelling powers.
9784766113389 This volume was inspired by young women working in cafes and restaurants clad in those absolutely charming uniforms. Snowy white aprons and crisply starched dresses are staples of manga and anime. This guide features various popular uniforms and costumes. Select an interesting uniform or costume to try on one of your own characters!
9780340766187 This is the story of three weeks of fanaticism, passion, self-sacrifice and heartbreak in Tehran in February 1979. Caught between the revolutionaries and the forces of international intrigue is a team of professional pilots. Two of them have Iranian wives they love beyond safety and politics.
9780198711551 Since its first publication in 1989, Helen Cooper's guide to The Canterbury Tales has established itself as the standard work on the poem. This second edition continues to offer the most comprehensive scrutiny of the Tales both as a whole and individually. In addition, Cooper incorporates the most significant recent scholarship and criticism, reflecting current research in the areas of Chaucer's historical and social context and developments in the interpretation of Chaucer's presentation of women.
9780425181645 Examines the science and scientists who provided the backdrop to Einstein's influential 1905 discovery and offers an explanation of the equation from mathematical, historical, and scientific perspectives.
9781582346175 An entertaining memoir of the author's adventures and experiences as an expatriate living in Paris describes the life and times of a young British man brought to Paris by a French company to open a chain of British tea rooms, detailing his dealings with lazy French employees, a scheming boss, lusty girlfriends, and French culture. Reprint.
"9780898709797 There are many Protestants and Catholics who have been deeply affected and spiritually changed by the writings of C.S. Lewis. There are many converts to Catholicism, some very well known, who credit C.S. Lewis for playing a significant role in their conversion. This includes famous converts and writers like Peter Kreeft, Sheldon Vanauken, Thomas Howard, and Joseph Pearce. But the ironic and perplexing fact is that Lewis himself, while ""Catholic"" in many aspects of his faith and devotion, never became a Roman Catholic. Many have wondered why. Joseph Pearce, highly regarded literary biographer and great admirer of Lewis, is the ideal writer to try to answer that question. The relationship of Lewis to the Roman Catholic Church is an important and intriguing topic of interest to both Catholics and Protestants. Pearce delves into all the issues, questions, and factors regarding this puzzling question. He gives a broad and detailed analysis of the historical, biographical, theological, and literary pieces of this puzzle. His findings set forth the objective shape of Lewis's theological and spiritual works in their relation to the Catholic Church. This well-written book brings new insights into a great Christian writer, and it should spark lively discussion among Lewis readers and bring about a better understanding of the spiritual beliefs of C.S. Lewis. Book jacket."
"9780521834346 Plato, Aristophanes, and the creators of the ""Orphic"" gold tablets employ the traditional tale of a journey to the realm of the dead to redefine, within the mythic narrative, the boundaries of their societies. Rather than being the relics of a faded ritual tradition or the products of Orphic influence, these myths can only reveal their meanings through this detailed analysis of the specific ways in which each author makes use of the tradition."
9781553377528 On her first day of first grade, despite the objections of her older sisters, Suki chooses to wear her beloved Japanese kimono to school because it holds special memories of her grandmother's visit last summer.
9780195117950 In this innovative study of the South Carolina Low Country, author Stephanie McCurry explores the place of the yeomanry in plantation society--the complex web of domestic and public relations within which they were enmeshed, and the contradictory politics of slave society by which that class of small farmers extracted the privileges of masterhood from the region's powerful planters. Insisting on the centrality of women as historical actors and gender as a category of analysis, this work shows how the fateful political choices made by the low-country yeomanry were rooted in the politics of the household, particularly in the customary relations of power male heads of independent households assumed over their dependents, whether slaves or free women and children. Such masterly prerogatives, practiced in the domestic sphere and redeemed in the public, explain the yeomanry's deep commitment to slavery and, ultimately, their ardent embrace of secession.By placing the yeomanry in the center of the drama, McCurry offers a significant reinterpretation of this volatile society on the road to Civil War. Through careful and creative use of a wide variety of archival sources, she brings vividly to life the small worlds of yeoman households, and the larger world of the South Carolina Low Country, the plantation South, and nineteenth-century America.
9780505525154 A man seeking to destroy the werewolf who bit him comes across a strange beauty who takes him to the Canadian Northwest and shows him the way of the wolf.
9780439803632 Drawing on dark fantasy and the fairy tale as well as horror and wild humor, ten acclaimed authors pay homage to the gothic tale in wide-ranging stories of the supernatural and surreal.
"9780310929550 #1 Best-selling study Bible in the best-selling NIV translation Study features fully revised and updated. Over 20,000 in-text study notes. Library of study resources at your fingertips. ""Excellent for Homeschool Use"""
9780060535117 Whitman's genius, passions, poetry, and androgynous sensibility entwined to create an exuberant life amid the turbulent American mid-nineteenth century. In vivid detail, Kaplan examines the mysterious selves of the enigmatic man who celebrated the freedom and dignity of the individual and sang the praises of democracy and the brotherhood of man.
9780060745905 When Dorothy triumphed over the Wicked Witch of the West in L. Frank Baum's classic tale, we heard only her side of the story. But what about her arch-nemesis, the mysterious Witch? Where did she come from? How did she become so wicked? And what is the true nature of evil? Gregory Maguire creates a fantasy world so rich and vivid that we will never look at Oz the same way again. Wicked is about a land where animals talk and strive to be treated like first-class citizens, Munchkinlanders seek the comfort of middle-class stability, and the Tin Man becomes a victim of domestic violence. And then there is the little green-skinned girl named Elphaba, who will grow up to become the infamous Wicked Witch of the West, a smart, prickly, and misunderstood creature who challenges all our preconceived notions about the nature of good and evil.
9780143039655 Introducing this collection of stories, R. K. Narayan describes how in India 'the writer has only to look out of the window to pick up a character and thereby a story'. Malgudi Days is the marvellous result. Here Narayan portrays an astrologer, a snake-charmer, a postman, a vendor of pies and chappatis - all kinds of people, drawn in full colour and endearing domestic detail. And under his magician's touch the whole imaginary city of Malgudi springs to life, revealing the essence of India and of human experience.
9780679890706 The magic tree house takes Jack and Annie to San Francisco in 1906, in time for them to experience one of the biggest earthquakes the United States had ever known.
9780451219367 When Zsadist, the most feared member of the Black Dagger Brotherhood, rescues Bella from the evil Lessening Society, he is nearly driven insane by rage against her tormentors, and must confront his tortured past in order to have a future with this brave beauty who is his destiny. Original.
9780505521798 Her heart captured by the very sight of handsome Wolf Trevelyan after he confronts her in the forest, Molly casts aside her concerned grandmother's reservations in order to pursue her instincts. Original.
"9780300000894 A noted psychoanalyst assesses the modern issue between traditional religion and a philosophy that takes as the sole aim in life the satisfaction of instinctive and material values. ""A daring book to have cast into the midst of the world's excitements, for it will itself breed new excitements...it is not a book to be missed by those interested in man's spiritual growth.""--New York Times"
9780143036395 Carol Shields' The Stone Diaries irrevocably transformed our understanding of the art of storytelling-and won Shields the Pulitzer Prize in Literature. Artfully disguised as a novel masquerading as the autobiography of an ordinary woman, this seductively written tale gradually reveals itself to be a profound meditation on fact, fiction, and the vast, blurred territory that lies between. Book jacket.
9781555533076 Louisa May Alcott championed women's causes in gothic tales of interracial romance and in newspaper articles published during the Civil War. Drawn from her service as a nurse in a Union hospital as well as from her radical abolitionist activities, these writings allow Alcott to comment boldly on unstable racial identities, interracial sex and marriage, armed slave rebellion, war, and the links between the bondage of slaves and the conditions of white womanhood. A comprehensive introduction situates Alcott and her family within the network of antebellum reformers and unmasks her personal and literary struggles with the boundaries of race, sex, and class.
9780765316646 A man who forgets everything while he sleeps and is dependent on his journal entries to keep his life together, Latro finds himself in Egypt, where he searches for a way to rid himself of the curse that causes him to lose his memory.
9780743477888 'This was much more than a bunch of guys out on an exploring and collecting expedition. This was a military expedition into hostile territory'. In 1803 President Thomas Jefferson selected his personal secretary, Captain Meriwether Lewis, to lead a pioneering voyage across the Great Plains and into the Rockies. It was completely uncharted territory; a wild, vast land ruled by the Indians. Charismatic and brave, Lewis was the perfect choice and he experienced the savage North American continent before any other white man. UNDAUNTED COURAGE is the tale of a hero, but it is also a tragedy. Lewis may have received a hero's welcome on his return to Washington in 1806, but his discoveries did not match the president's fantasies of sweeping, fertile plains ripe for the taking. Feeling the expedition had been a failure, Lewis took to drink and piled up debts. Full of colourful characters - Jefferson, the president obsessed with conquering the west; William Clark, the rugged frontiersman; Sacagawea, the Indian girl who accompanied the expedition; Drouillard, the French-Indian hunter - this is one of the great adventure stories of all time and it shot to the top of the US bestseller charts. Drama, suspense, danger and diplomacy combine with romance and personal tragedy making UNDAUNTED COURAGE an outstanding work of scholarship and a thrilling adventure.
9780007113804 An archaeologist's wife is murdered on the shores of the River Tigris in Iraq... It was clear to Amy Leatheran that something sinister was going on at the Hassanieh dig in Iraq; something associated with the presence of 'Lovely Louise', wife of celebrated archaeologist Dr Leidner. In a few days' time Hercule Poirot was due to drop in at the excavation site. But with Louise suffering from terrifying hallucinations, and tension within the group becoming almost unbearable, Poirot might just be too late...
9781416507819 With Captain Janeway dying, Chakotay assumes command of the Voyager, only to be confronted by the disappearance of Paris, Kim, and the Doctor, while the Federation's old nemesis, the cosmic meddler Q, sends two of the missing crewmembers on a voyage into the past, and the conflict ranging in the Monorhan system threatens to engulf the entire universe. Original.
9780826406736 Fromm examines the true paths--as opposed to false directions--that will lead us to self-knowledge and enlightenment and offers another way to self-awareness and well-being, one based on psychoanalysis and self-awareness through meditation.
9780586071397 A contemporary fantasy novel about the Hastings family who move from California to upstate New York into a ramshackle, old house in a deep wood and become involved in ancient, Celtic magic and occult horror when they are lured into the world of some luminous elfin beings.
9780425174807 When a mysterious cabal within the U.S. State Department causes tensions to erupt between Iran and Azerbaijan and plots to depose the President of the United States, Paul Hood and the Op-Center team must stop the conspiracy.
9780970312532 With New York City overrun by cosms-sipping, crouch-sprawling hipsters, it's high time to explore the places where real people settle in for some real drinking. If you think New York's classic dives were slipping away, have no fear - Wendy Mitchell's seven years of bar crawling have unearthed 90 places where you'd be scared to take your parents.
9780380759491 We See England, We See Xanth, We See Mels's Underpanth In fact, Gwenny Goblin, Che Centaur and Jenny Elf are just about the only creatures on Xanth who have been spared the sight of Mela Merwoman's undergarment -- preoccupied as they are with helping Gwenny beat out her awful half-brother Gobble for chiefship of the goblin horde. But first they must master space and thyme . . . and find the fabulous egg that sits between the Roc and the hard place. While Mela -- who would gladly relinquish her oft-viewed undies for a new husband -- joins the Adult Conspiracy . . . and quickly discovers the power of a perfect pair of panties!
9780552998017 Walter McCloud was constantly eclipsed by those around him - his beautiful, talented friends, his flamboyant relatives, his golden-boy brother, Daniel. He was always the outsider, never the star. But the summer of 1972 was a turning point in the life of fifteen-year-old Walter. It was the time when he realized that his great passion for dance would never be matched by his talent; the time when he discovered the funny agony of first love' and the time when he watched his brother declining into a cruel, untimely death. It is only when, twenty-four years later, Walter returns to fight for the survival of his childhood Eden, his family's lakeside summer home, that he finally discovers a way to reconcile himself to the past in a way that gives hope for the future.
9781741142396 Harvesting the Heart explores the story of a young woman overcome by the demands of having a family. Written with astonishing clarity and evocative detail, convincing in its depiction of emotional pain, love and vulnerability, Harvesting the Heart recalls the writing of Alice Hoffman and Sue Miller.
"9780896583214 Walking the Rez Road contains forty short stories and poems featuring Luke Warmwater as a central character. Luke is a Vietnam veteran who has survived the war but is having ""trouble/surviving the peace"" on a reservation where everyone is broke and where the tribal government seems to work against the interests of the reservation folk. Throughout Walking the Rez Road, it is humor that holds the people and their community together. Winner, Midwest Book Achievement Award, Minnesota Book Award, Northeastern Minnesota Book Award."
9780743470124 Having relocated to an alienating Connecticut suburb after a mugging in her native New York City, wife and mother Kate Klein undertakes a murder investigation during her children's school hours when a local mom is killed.
9780006496922 Reissue of the author's most famous and well-loved work, the Starbridge series, six self-contained yet interconnected novels that explore the history of the Church of England through the 20th century.
9780099389019 As a student in college, David Kepesh styles himself 'a rake among scholars, a scholar among rakes'. Little does he realise how prophetic this motto will be - or how damning. For as Philip Roth follows Kepesh from the domesticity of his childhood into the vast wilderness of erotic possibility, from a menage troisin London to the throes of loneliness in New York, he creates a supremely intelligent, affecting and often hilarious novel about the dilemma of pleasure- where we seek it; why we flee it; and how we struggle to make a truce between dignity and desire.
"9780446602488 An assistant curator of Munich's National Museum, Vicky Bliss is no expert on Egypt, but she does have a Ph.D. in solving crimes. So when an intelligence agency offers her a luxury Nile cruise if she'll help solve a murder and stop a heist of Egyptian antiquities, all 5'11"" of her takes the plunge. Vicky suspects the authorities really want her to lead them to her missing lover, the art thief and master of disguises she knows only as ""Sir John Smythe."" And right in the shadow of the Sphinx she spots him. . . with his new flame. Vicky is so furious at this romantic stab-in-the-back, not to mention the sudden arrival of her meddling boss, Herr Dr. Schmidt, that she may overlook a danger as old as the pharaohs and as unchanging. . . a criminal who hides behind a mask of charm while moving in for the kill."
9780394746234 Follows the course of the war from 1862 to 1864, discusses the strategies of both sides in major battles, and assesses the performance of the Union generals
9780156453806 In Kublai Khan's garden, at sunset, the young Marco Polo diverts the aged emperor from his obsession with the impending end of his empire with tales of countless cities past, present, and future
9780618002238 The standard hardcover edition of the second volume of The Lord of the Rings includes a large format fold-out map. Frodo and his Companions of the Ring have been beset by danger during their quest to prevent the Ruling Ring from falling into the hands of the Dark Lord by destroying it in the Cracks of Doom. They have lost the wizard, Gandalf, in a battle in the Mines of Moria. And Boromir, seduced by the power of the Ring, tried to seize it by force. While Frodo and Sam made their escape, the rest of the company was attacked by Orcs. Now they continue the journey alone down the great River Anduin -- alone, that is, save for the mysterious creeping figure that follows wherever they go.
9781402726620 An abridged version of the voyages of an eighteenth-century Englishman that carry him to such strange places as Lilliput, where people are six inches tall, and Brobdingnag, a land peopled by giants.
9780679735878 Arriving in a European city with significant gaps in his memory, Ryder, a renowned pianist, is overwhelmed by an onslaught of strangers who seem to know him and of whom he experiences vague, dreamlike recollections. Reprint. 75,000 first printing.
9780946061150 First published in 1974, 'Leaving..' was the first collection of Situationist writing in English. Chris Gray, its editor, was himself a member of the SI. Long out of print, it has gained an enormous reputation. This new, lavish, oversize edition, keeps the original provocative, and free and easy translations, along with the cut and paste graphics, poster-art and cartoons. It stands as a remarkable, and eminently accessible, introduction to a remarkable (and oft-times superficially at least, inaccessible) revolutionary project. Now as we stand at the gates of the 21st century, it is time for a new generation of readers to take up this remarkable book.
9780060009427 What does it mean when a fictional hero takes a journey?. Shares a meal? Gets drenched in a sudden rain shower? Often, there is much more going on in a novel or poem than is readily visible on the surface—a symbol, maybe, that remains elusive, or an unexpected twist on a character—and there's that sneaking suspicion that the deeper meaning of a literary text keeps escaping you. In this practical and amusing guide to literature, Thomas C. Foster shows how easy and gratifying it is to unlock those hidden truths, and to discover a world where a road leads to a quest; a shared meal may signify a communion; and rain, whether cleansing or destructive, is never just rain. Ranging from major themes to literary models, narrative devices, and form, How to Read Literature Like a Professor is the perfect companion for making your reading experience more enriching, satisfying, and fun.
"9780802151100 Presents three plays by twentieth-century dramatist Eugene Ionesco, including ""Exit the King,"" which traces the final hours of the once-great King Berenger the First; ""The Killer,"" a study of pure evil; and ""Macbett,"" a spoof of the Shakespearean tragedy."
9781400047338 A collection of dessert recipes that can be created with a minimum of ingredients and preparation time includes a variety of classic favorites, restaurant fare, and kid-friendly options, from Carrot Cake and Banana Bisque to Cookieburgers and Peanut Butter Worms. 30,000 first printing.
9780192801975 Many people regard Hegel's work as obscure and extremely difficult, yet his importance and influence are universally acknowledged. Peter Singer eliminates any excuse for remaining ignorant of the outlines of Hegel's philosophy by providing a broad discussion of his ideas and an account of his major works.
9780446617451 - Aspect published the previous novel in the series, The Skrayling Tree, in hardcover (0-446-53104-9) in 2003 and in mass market (0-446-61340-1) in 7/04. The prior novel. The Dreamthief's Daughter (Aspect hardcover, 2001, 0-446-52618-5; mass market, 2002, 0-446-61120-4) received praise from the Washington Post, Denver Post, and Locus, where it was featured on the 2001 Recommended Reading list. - Aspect reissued Moorcock's classic Gloriana, or the Unfulfill'd Queen in trade paperback in 8/04. Gloriana won Moorcock the World Fantasy Award, the John W. Campbell Award, and the British Fantasy Award. - Moorcock's Elric the Eternal Champion saga has been optioned by Universal Pictures, with Chris and Paul Weitz (American Pie) producing. - Michael Moorcock is a vanguard author, editor, journalist, critic, and rock musician, who is editor of the controversial magazine New Worlds. A member of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame, Moorcock has won the Guardian Fiction Prize, the Nebula Award, the World Fantasy Award, and the British Fantasy Award, among others.
9780385129916 More than twenty-five stories of horror and nightmarish fantasy transform everyday situations into experiences of compelling terror in the worlds of the living, the dying, and the nonliving
9780140271577 'This is the story of two families - branches of the Solomons - transported to an alien land, both of whom eventually grow rich and powerful but who, through three generations, never for one moment relinquish their hatred for each other. It is also the story of our country from the beginning until we came of age as a nation.'
9780345485281 Sakura, the princess of Clow, has a strange power that could change the world, and lives in an alternate-reality world with her childhood friend Syaoran, with whom she begins a series of journeys to other worlds.
"9780387987200 ""Elegant and literate"" -THE TIMES OF LONDON ""The kind of book that both skeptics and believers would do well to read""- SKEPTICAL INQUIRER ""An urbane, original, convincing rebuttal of paranormal and supernatural notions"" -NEW SCIENTIST ""A lively, entertaining book... Humphrey has set himself a larger task than simply explaining why people believe in parapsychology: the task of explaining why it is irrational to believe in it.""-NATURE"
9780268018498 The Treatise on Happiness and the accompanying Treatise on Human Acts comprise the first twenty-one questions of I-II of the Summa Theologiae. From his careful consideration of what true happiness is, to his comprehensive discussion of how it can be attained, St. Thomas Aquinas offers a challenging and classic statement of the goals of human life, both ultimate and proximate. This translation presents in accurate, consistent, contemporary English the great Christian thinker's enduring contributions on the subject of man's happiness.
9780747573623 Harry Potter is lucky to reach the age of thirteen, since he has survived the murderous attacks of the feared Dark Wizard Voldemort three times. But his hopes for a quiet term concentrating on Quidditch are dashed when a maniacal mass-murderer escapes from Azkaban, pursued by the soul-sucking Dementors who guard the prison. It's assumed that Hogwarts is the safest place for Harry to be. But is it a coincidence that he can feel eyes watching him in the dark, and should he be taking Professor Trelawney's ghoulish predictions seriously?
9780345453860 Moving between the glamorous cosmopolitan world of Boston and small-town Texas, a sizzling romance follows the evolution of the tumultuous relationship between Jordan Buchanan and Noah Clayborne. 300,000 first printing.
9780972018418 The popular fitness author explains how to achieve a healthy lifestyle and avoid dieting by planning balanced, nutritious meals and offers 150 nourishing recipes for breakfasts, lunches, dinners, and desserts.
"9780971500761 Finalizes and further clarifies the true nature and core of the condition termed ""Enlightenment."" It is primarily an instruction manual for the serious spiritual devotee, and reveals information only known by those who have transcended the ego to reach Divine Realization. This is the inner route from the self to the Self. The subjective states of the mystic are of great interest, but historically never have been clarified to the degree presented in this semi-autobiographical account that also provides the means by which to identify their rare occurrence, and thus describe the core characteristics of Spiritual Truth. Devoid of ecclesiastical doctrine or religious belief systems, the pristine essence of all spiritual Truth is revealed in its purity with unprecedcented clarity."
9781551112237 First published in 1865, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland began as a story told to Alice Liddell and her two sisters on a boating trip in July of 1862. The novel follows Alice down a rabbit-hole and into a surreal world of strange and wonderful characters who constantly turn everything upside-down with their mind-boggling logic and word play, and their fantastic parodies. Carroll's fable illustrates his masterful ability to weave logic with nonsense in a tale that continues to delight all ages. While this great classic is widely available, the Broadview edition is unique. Richard Kelly combines Alice's Adventures in Wonderland not with the later (and largely distinct) work Through the Looking Glass but rather with Alice's Adventures Under Ground, Lewis Carroll's first version of the story. Readers are thus able to trace the literary revisions, and to compare Caroll's own illustrations in the original with the famous John Tenniel illustrations for Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Among the many other materials included in the Broadview Literary Texts edition are a substantial selection of early reviews, selections from Carroll's diaries and correspondence, Carroll's early nonsense poems, and the originals of the poems parodied in his text.
"9780751529814 ""Maybe it was a grandparent, or a teacher, or a colleague. Someone older, patient and wise, who understood you when you were young and searching, helped you see the world as a more profound place, gave you sound advice to help you make your way through it. For Mitch Albom, that person was Morrie Schwartz, his college professor from nearly twenty years ago. Maybe, like Mitch, you lost track of this mentor as you made your way, and the insights faded, and the world seemed colder. Wouldn't you like to see that person again, ask the bigger questions that still haunt you, receive wisdom for your busy life today the way you once did when you were younger? Mitch Albom had that second chance. He rediscovered Morrie in the last months of the older man's life. Knowing he was dying, Morrie visited with Mitch in his study every Tuesday, just as they used to back in college. Their rekindled relationship turned into one final ""class"": lessons in how to live.""--Back cover."
"9780060889449 Liz Goldwyn's lifelong fascination with the inimitable glamour of classic burlesque inspired her to spend the past eight years corresponding with, visiting, interviewing, receiving striptease lessons from, and forming close relationships with the last generation of the great American burlesque queeens. Goldwyn invites us to step back into an era when the hourglass figure was in vogue and striptease was a true art form. Meet Betty ""Ball of Fire"" Rowland, who was known for her flaming red hair and bump–and–grind routines. (It turns out she once sued the author's grandfather, Samuel Goldwyn Jr., for using her stage name and costume in his Hollywood picture, Ball of Fire.) Meet Sherry Britton, who, with her long black hair and curvy, trim physique, was among the most stunning of the burlesque stars before Mayor LaGuardia outlawed burlesque in New York. Meet Zorita, whose sexually explicit ""Consummation of the Wedding of the Snake"" dance (performed with a live snake) and other daring performances earned her legendary status. Goldwyn draws back the curtain to reveal the personal journeys of yesteryear's icons of female sexuality and power, restoring their legacy to an age that has all but forgotten them–despite today's resurgence of burlesque."
9780060084387 From Freud to Babbitt, from Animal Farm to Sartre to the Great Society, from the Theory of Relativity to counterculture to Kosovo, The Modern Mind is encyclopedic, covering the major writers, artists, scientists, and philosophers who produced the ideas by which we live. Peter Watson has produced a fluent and engaging narrative of the intellectual tradition of the twentieth century, and the men and women who created it.
"9780226020457 The Bridge on the Drina is a vivid depiction of the suffering history has imposed upon the people of Bosnia from the late 16th century to the beginning of World War I. As we seek to make sense of the current nightmare in this region, this remarkable, timely book serves as a reliable guide to its people and history. ""No better introduction to the study of Balkan and Ottoman history exists, nor do I know of any work of fiction that more persuasively introduces the reader to a civilization other than our own. It is an intellectual and emotional adventure to encounter the Ottoman world through Andric's pages in its grandiose beginning and at its tottering finale. It is, in short, a marvelous work, a masterpiece, and very much sui generis. . . . Andric's sensitive portrait of social change in distant Bosnia has revelatory force.""—William H. McNeill, from the introduction ""The dreadful events occurring in Sarajevo over the past several months turn my mind to a remarkable historical novel from the land we used to call Yugoslavia, Ivo Andric's The Bridge on the Drina.""—John M. Mohan, Des Moines Sunday Register Born in Bosnia, Ivo Andric (1892-1975) was a distinguished diplomat and novelist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1961. His books include The Damned Yard: And Other Stories, and The Days of the Consuls."
"9780974016719 Poetry. ""Noah Eli Gordon can spin, scratch, sample, and dub to mix a sound all his own. THE FREQUENCIES tunes in desire, poetry, static, and laughter - all the while broadcasting with the intensity and joy of first things""--Peter Gizzi. ""This is the new music - listen to it""--Lisa Jarnot."
9780439810715 While waiting for a church meeting in 1706, Susanna English, daughter of a wealthy Salem merchant, recalls the malice, fear, and accusations of witchcraft that tore her village apart in 1692.
"9780316926607 A ""lavishly entertaining"" (Publishers Weekly) distillation of Waugh's genius--abundant evidence that one of the twentieth century's most admired and enjoyed English novelists was also a master of the short form. Evelyn Waugh's short fiction reveals in miniaturized perfection the elements that made him the greatest satirist of the twentieth century. The stories collected here range from delightfully barbed portraits of the British upper classes to an alternative ending to Waugh's novel A Handful of Dust; from a ""missing chapter"" in the life of Charles Ryder, the nostalgic hero of Brideshead Revisited, to a plot-packed morality tale that Waugh composed at a very tender age; from an epistolary lark in the voice of ""a young lady of leisure"" to a darkly comic tale of scandal in a remote (and imaginary) African outpost."
9780140364750 At seventeen, Elsie Edwards, once the fat girl of fifth grade, later slender but insecure in ninth grade, now has boyfriend problems that once would have seemed too good to be true.
9780141000190 Chronicles a year in the life of Bridget Jones, a single, thirtysomething woman on a perpetual quest for self-improvement, as she struggles to cope with relationships, weight control, and the other baffling complexities of modern life.
"9780071433716 ""A young woman's fatal battle with anorexia, in her own words In the tradition of Go Ask Alice, Prozac Nation, and Girl Interrupted, Slim to None grants readers precious access to the emotional and psychological underpinnings of its author. Step-by-step, readers follow Jenny's long journey through a ""wasteland"" of failed treatments and therapies, false hope, and abuse by the mental health system that kept her captive most of her life. Although this disease has been at the forefront of public awareness for years, anorexia continues to claim more victims than any other mental illness. Slim to None reveals the glaring inadequacy of the mental health system to treat and fully understand this disease. The first journal of an anorexic to be published posthumously, the book discloses the innermost thoughts, fears, and hopes of a young girl stricken and fighting to recover. Jenny Hendricks painstakingly recorded her experiences as she suffered from and eventually succumbed to this eating disorder. With candor, she recounts being shipped from one doctor to another and subjected to widely varying treatments--all of which ultimately proved unsuccessful. Her father, Gordon Hendricks, fills in this compelling narrative with his own memories of his daughter's struggle.""--Publisher's description."
9780517229279 This gorgeously illustrated, gilt-edged edition of the classic Christmas story and poem will be a treasured memento of hiliday celebrations for years to come. The timeless tale of Ebenezer Scrooge and Moore's classic poem are among the most beloved Christmas stories of all time, and this elegant leather-bound edition is perfect to give as a gift or as an addition to one's own collection.
9780156006248 Living the innocent life of a proofreader, Raimundo Silva changes a key word in a history text that leads him to romance and alters the course of European history
9780844667508 In this taut, chilling novel, Lester Ballard--a violent, dispossessed man falsely accused of rape--haunts the hill country of East Tennessee when he is released from jail. While telling his story, Cormac McCarthy depicts the most sordid aspects of life with dignity, humor, and characteristic lyrical brilliance.
9780671035976 The first trade paperback edition of the classic guide to conquering the fears and worries that prevent individuals from living full and happy lives offers practical advice on how to eliminate business and financial anxieties, turn criticism into an advantage, avoid fatigue, and more. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
9780199267170 Presents the works of William Shakespeare, along with an analysis of the nature and authority of the early documents, a list of the canon and chronological order of composition, an essay on Shakespeare's language, and a bibliography.
9780758215048 The residents of Lake Eden, Minnesota, are planning to paint the town red, white, and blue to celebrate the Fourth of July--but the fireworks are already going off at Hannah Swensen's bake shop, The Cookie Jar. . . Lemon Meringue Pie Murder Hannah Swensen thought she'd finally discovered the recipe for a perfect life. But her sometime beau Norman Rhodes tosses a surprise ingredient into the mix when he phones to tell her he's just bought a house from local drugstore clerk Rhonda Scharf--which he plans to tear down in order to build the dream home he and Hannah designed. It seems the plan has been cooking for quite some time, and Hannah's shocked. Especially since her ring finger is still very much bare. . . The good news is that the soon-to-be-torn-down house is full of antiques--and Norman has given Hannah and her mother first dibs. They uncover some gorgeous old furniture, a patchwork quilt. . .and Rhonda Scharf's dead body. A little more sleuthing turns up the half-eaten remains of a very special dinner for two--and one of The Cookie Jar's famous lemon meringue pies. Now it's up to Hannah to turn up the heat--and get busy tracking down clues. Starting in her very own kitchen. . . Includes nine original cookie and dessert recipes for you to try! Fun. . .frothy. . .Enticing recipes for cookies and other treats, presented with helpful procedural hints, are an extra bonus. --Publishers Weekly
9780688152024 New York City Ballet Workout is a revolutionary fitness program that will help you begin to develop lean abs, firm buttocks, a contoured waist, sculpted legs, slim thighs, strong arms, perfect posture, flexbility you never thought possible--and grace and poice of a dancer. More than three hundred stunning step-by-step and other photographs throughout make this the most beautiful and easy-to-use exercise book ever created.This elegant book is unlike any exercise book ever published. Graced with more than 300 instructional exercise photographs and extraordinary duotone portraits of New York City Ballet dancers, The New York City Ballet Workout explores the company's philosophy of balancing art, life, and fitness. By combining elements of New York City Ballet's balletic regimen with practical strength-building exercises, The New York City Ballet Workout can help people achieve a strong, graceful, and flexible body--one that displays the impeccable poise that is the trademark of New York City Ballet dancers. Many exercises of The New York City Ballet Workout were once confined to the world's elite rehearsal studios. Now, as refined by Peter Martins and his company, these exercises have been designed as a comprehensive, holistic approach to the body that can be used by anyone from the out-of-shape to the serious athlete, to attain a lean, hard, beautiful body. From flexibility to endurance, this is a complete exercise program for men and women.
9781585425495 A painter of extraordinary talent and renown, Leila is addicted to a younger man who inspires her passion, yet betrays her. Leila fears that giving up the ecstasy--love, sex, alcohol, and hedonism--will mean losing her creative edge. From the bestselling author of Fear of Flying.
9780631231271 The Philosophical Investigations of Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889-1951) present his own distillation of two decades of intense work on the philosophies of mind, language and meaning.
"9780940450660 Includes Native Son, now an HBO original movie by Rashid Johnson, with a screenplay by Suzan-Lori Parks and starring Ashton Sanders. Native Son exploded on the American literary scene in 1940. The story of Bigger Thomas, a young black man living in the raw, noisy, crowded slums of Chicago's South Side, captured the hopes and yearnings, the pain and rage of black Americans with an unprecedented intensity and vividness. The text printed in this volume restores the changes and cuts--including the replacement of an entire scene--that Wright was forced to make by book club editors who feared offending their readers. The unexpurgated version of Wright's electrifying novel shows his determination to write honestly about his controversial protagonist. As he wrote in the essay ""How 'Bigger' Was Born,"" which accompanies the novel: ""I became convinced that if I did not write Bigger as I saw and felt him, I'd be acting out of fear."" This volume also contains Wright's first novel, Lawd Today!, published posthumously in 1963, and his collection of stories, Uncle Tom's Children, which appeared in 1938. Lawd Today! interweaves news bulletins, songs, exuberant wordplay, and scenes of confrontation and celebration into a kaleidoscopic chronicle of the events of one day--February 12--in the life of a black Chicago postal worker. The text for this edition reinstates Wright's stylistic experiments, and the novel emerges as a far livelier work of the imagination. Uncle Tom's Children first brought Wright to national attention when it received the Story Prize for the best work submitted to the Federal Writers' Project. The characters in these tales struggle to survive the cruelty of racism in the South, as Wright asks ""what quality of will must a Negro possess to live and die with dignity in a country that denied his humanity."" All five stories Wright included in the 1940 second edition are published in this volume, along with his sardonic autobiographical essay ""The Ethics of Living Jim Crow."" Richard Wright was ""forged in injustice as a sword is forged,"" wrote Ernest Hemingway. With passionate honesty and courage, he confronted the terrible effects of prejudice and intolerance and created works that explore the deepest conflicts of the human heart. This Library of America edition presents for the first time Wright's works in the form in which he intended them to be read. The authoritative new texts, based on Wright's original typescripts and proofs, reveal the full range and power of his achievement as an experimental stylist and as a fiery prophet of the tragic consequences of racism in American society. The volume includes notes on significant changes in Wright's text and a detailed chronology of his life. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation's literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America's best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid-free paper that will last for centuries."
9780312342517 Sideways is the story of two friends-Miles and Jack-going away together for the last time to steep themselves in everything that makes it good to be young and single: pinot, putting, and prowling bars. In the week before Jack plans to marry, the pair heads out from Los Angeles to the Santa Ynez wine country. For Jack, the tasting tour is Seven Days to D-Day, his final stretch of freedom. For Miles--who has divorced his wife, is facing an uncertain career and has lost his passion for living-the trip is a weeklong opportunity to evaluate his past, his future and himself. A raucous and surprising novel filled with wonderful details about wine, Sideways is also a thought-provoking and funny book about men, women, and human relationships.
9780826414533 Central to The Guerilla Film Makers Movie Blueprint are flow charts: crystal-clear diagrams detailing every single thing, no matter how small, that needs to be done to make your film. This visual approach to the filmmaking process ensures that new (and established!) filmmakers get an instant overview of each and every discipline. Backing up the diagrams are copious notes - humorous in tone, yet broad and deep in content. Wherever possible, the text is broken apart into box outs, hot tips and sub-diagrams. This book is entertaining, irreverent, and never less than painfully practical. The Guerilla Film Makers Movie Blueprint will have its own dedicated website where readers can download the tools, forms, software, and artwork detailed in the book. Jones's latest endeavor is packed with over a decade's worth of experience, know-how, and insider tips. A must-read for every budding filmmaker.
9780439436564 Wednesday has rolled around, and Arthur Penhaligon has an invitation to return to the House that he can't refuse. Drowned Wednesday has sent a ship to pick him up from the hospital ... even though his hometown is miles from any ocean.
9780552998000 Everyday Magic, He Called It. The Transformation Of Base Matter Into The Stuff Of Dreams. Layman S Alchemy.Jay Mackintosh Is Trapped By Memory In The Old Familiar Landscapes Of His Childhood, More Enticing Than The Present, And To Which He Longs To Return.A Bottle Of Home-Brewed Wine Left To Him By A Long-Vanished Friend Seems To Provide Both The Key To An Old Mystery And A Doorway Into Another World. As The Unusual Properties Of The Strange Brew Take Effect, Jay Escapes To A Derelict Farmhouse In The French Village Of Lansquenet, Where A Ghost From The Past Waits To Confront Him, And The Reclusive Marise Haunted, Lovely And Dangerous Hides A Terrible Secret Behind Her Closed Shutters. Between Them, A Mysterious Chemistry. Or Could It Be Magic?
9780393316025 Dr. Edwin Spindrift, a linguist, decides to escape from the hospital the night before his brain tumor surgery is scheduled and discovers a world of people exists outside his universe of words
9780802134905 Gathers the Nobel Prize winning poet and dramatist's short prose into one volume that affords the reader a view of Beckett's development as an artist
9781569473641 When a woman wearing an identical jacket to Aimée Leduc's leaves her cell phone on a restaurant table, Aimee follows her to return it, only to be attacked and left blind, discovering that the other woman had been murdered. Reprint
9780451207647 Attorney Dismas Hardy makes a discovery that threatens his family and his friendship with homicide lieutenant Abe Glitsky while representing Dr. Eric Kensing, a man accused of murdering the head of San Francisco's largest HMO.
9780156260558 In a collection of stories written during the 1940s and 1950s, the author captures moments of revelation in the lives of ordinary people, instants blending recognition and alarm as deceptions and illusions are laid bare
9781843537205 The Beatles are the ultimate band – the most popular, the most respected, the most influential. This new edition of The Rough Guide to the Beatles covers every aspect of the Fab Four, delving deep into the music, lyrics, movies and solo careers. Features include: The Story: from Liverpool clubs to Beatlemania. The Music: incisive reviews of every Beatles and solo album. The Canon: the inside track on the 50 greatest songs. On Screen: the movies, the promos and the TV appearances. The Fifth Beatle: George Martin, Yoko Ono, Magic Alex and other contenders. Beatleology: the best books, the weirdest covers, the most obsessive websites, the obscurest trivia.
9780688090258 In the last volume of the parable of Earth's destruction and humanity's doomed flight from it, Mariane O'Hara frantically records the lives of her family and contemporaries when most of the earth's history and literature is wiped out from computer banks.
9780345476098 A definitive Pulitzer Prize-winning recreation of the powderkeg that was Europe during the crucial first thirty days of World War I traces the actions of statesmen and patriots alike in Berlin, London, St. Petersburg, and Paris. Reprint.
